<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:15 2012 -->
<title>DMXAddInput</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DMXAddInput</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">NOTES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXAddInput,
DMXAddBackendInput, DMXAddConsoleInput &minus; attach a new
input</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/dmxext.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
DMXAddInput(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int</b> <i>mask</i><b>, <br/>
DMXInputAttributes</b> <i>*attr</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*id</i><b>); <br/>
Bool DMXAddBackendInput(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>screen</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>sendsCore</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*newId</i><b>); <br/>
Bool DMXAddConsoleInput(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
const char</b> <i>*name</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>sendsCore</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*newId</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXAddInput()</b>
is used to attach a new input (or a previously detached
input) to the <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a> server. <i>mask</i> specifies
the fields in <i>attr</i> that are active, and <i>id</i>
returns the device if of the first device in the series that
is added.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The value of
<i>mask</i> is computed from the following values:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXInputType
<br/>
DMXInputPhysicalScreen <br/>
DMXInputSendsCore</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<b>DMXInputAttributes</b> structure is:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
DMXInputEnum inputType; <br/>
int physicalScreen; <br/>
int physicalId; <br/>
Bool isCore; <br/>
Bool sendsCore; <br/>
const char *name; <br/>
Bool detached; <br/>
} DMXInputAttributes;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>inputType</i>
may have the value <b>DMXConsoleInputType or
DMXBackendInputType .</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For console
devices, <i>name</i> will specify the display to be
used.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For back-end
devices, <i>physicalScreen</i> will specify the
<a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a> screen number.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>sendsCore</i> is <b>True</b>, the new device will be
added as a true core device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If a device was
removed with <a href="../man3/DMXRemoveInput.3.xhtml"><em>DMXRemoveInput</em>(3)</a> an attempt will be
made to reconnect the previous devices (<i>sendsCore</i> is
ignored in this case).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXAddBackendInput()</b>
is a helper function that is used to add input from a
back-end server. With this function, <i>screen</i> refers to
the back-end screen, <i>sendsCore</i> is <b>True</b> if the
new input should send core events (and it ignored if the
input has been detached), and <i>newId</i> will hold the
device id of the first device in the series added.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXAddConsoleInput()</b>
is a helper function that is used to add input from a
console. With this function, <i>name</i> is the name of the
console display, <i>sendsCore</i> is <b>True</b> if the new
input should send core events (and it ignored if the input
has been detached), and <i>newId</i> will hold the device id
of the first device in the series added.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">RETURN VALUE
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXAddInput()</b>
returns <b>True</b> on success and <b>False</b>
otherwise.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXAddInput()</b>
can generate <b>BadValue</b> (if <i>inputType</i> is invalid
or <i>physicalScreen</i> is out of range), <b>BadAccess</b>
(if the input has already been attached or if the backend
screen is currently detached).</p>

<h2 id="heading5">NOTES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Local devices
cannot be attached or detached.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Attributes that
are not specified will default to 0. This may lead to
unintended results.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DMXRemoveInput.3.xhtml"><em>DMXRemoveInput</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMX.3.xhtml"><em>DMX</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
