<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:44:11 2012 -->
<title>DMXChangeDesktopAttributes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DMXChangeDesktopAttributes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXChangeDesktopAttributes
&minus; change global bounding box</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/dmxext.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>int
DMXChangeDesktopAttributes(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int</b> <i>mask</i><b>, <br/>
DMXDesktopAttributes</b> <i>*attr</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXChangeDesktopAttributes()</b>
resizes the bounding box of the whole screen when using the
Xinerama extension. Otherwise, it has no effect on the
screen layout. An attribute mask is placed in <i>mask</i>
and the attributes to change are placed in <i>attr</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The values that
are used to compute <i>mask</i> are as follows:</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXDesktopWidth
<br/>
DMXDesktopHeight <br/>
DMXDesktopShiftX <br/>
DMXDesktopShiftY</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<b>DMXDesktopAttributes</b> structure is:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
unsigned int width; <br/>
unsigned int height; <br/>
int shiftX; <br/>
int shiftY; <br/>
} DMXDesktopAttributes;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>width and
height</i> specify the new width and height for the bounding
box. <i>shiftX and shiftY</i> specify where the Xinerama
origin will be placed with respect to the origin of the new
bounding box. This allows the left and upper edges of the
bounding box to be changed without changing the visual
position of the windows on the desktop. If <i>width or
height</i> is not specified, the current values will be
used. If <i>shiftX or shiftY</i> is not specified, 0 will be
used.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">All coordinates
are in the global DMX coordinate system. If Xinerama is not
active, an error will be generated.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">RETURN VALUE
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXChangeDesktopAttributes()</b>
will return 0 on success, <b>DmxBadXinerama</b> if Xinerama
is not active, <b>DmxBadValue</b> if the size of the
bounding box is too large, and <b>DmxBadReply</b> if there
was a protocol error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXChangeDesktopAttributes()</b>
can generate <b>BadLength</b> (if the request is malformed,
which should never happen when using this library
interface), and <b>BadValue</b> (if any values are out of
range).</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DMXGetDesktopAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetDesktopAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMX.3.xhtml"><em>DMX</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
