<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:37:07 2012 -->
<title>DMXChangeScreensAttributes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DMXChangeScreensAttributes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXChangeScreensAttributes
&minus; change back-end screen attributes</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/dmxext.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>int
DMXChangeScreensAttributes(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>screen_count</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*screens</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>mask_count</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int</b> <i>*masks</i><b>, <br/>
DMXScreenAttributes</b> <i>*attr</i><b>, <br/>
int *</b><i>error_screen</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXChangeScreensAttributes()</b>
changes the geometries and positions of the DMX screen and
DMX root windows on the back-end X servers.
<i>screen_count</i> specifies the number of screens to be
changed. For each screen, the screen number is placed in
<i>screens</i>, an attribute mask is placed in <i>masks</i>,
and a <i>DMXScreenAttributes</i> structure is included in
<i>attr</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">An explanation
of the <i>DMXScreenAttributes</i> structure is given in
<a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenAttributes</em>(3)</a>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The values that
are used to compute each value in <i>masks</i> are as
follows</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXScreenWindowWidth
<br/>
DMXScreenWindowHeight <br/>
DMXScreenWindowXoffset <br/>
DMXScreenWindowYoffset <br/>
DMXRootWindowWidth <br/>
DMXRootWindowHeight <br/>
DMXRootWindowXoffset <br/>
DMXRootWindowYoffset <br/>
DMXRootWindowXorigin <br/>
DMXRootWindowYorigin</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In general,
<i>mask_count</i> should be equal to <i>screen_count</i>.
However, as a convenience, <i>mask_count</i> may be less
than <i>screen_count</i>, and the last entry in <i>masks</i>
will then be used for all of the remaining screens. For
example, this allows identical changes to be made to several
screens using only one mask.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">On success, 0
is returned. Otherwise, <i>error_screen</i> is set to the
value of the first screen in the list that caused the error
and a non-zero value is returned. If <i>screen_count</i> or
<i>mask_count</i> is less than 1, or if any of the attribute
values are not within the appropriate bounding boxes,
<b>DmxBadValue</b> is returned. If a protocol error occurs,
<b>DmxBadReply</b> is returned.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXChangeScreensAttributes()</b>
can generate <b>BadLength</b> (if the data provided does not
match the data implicitly required by the
<i>screen_count</i> and <i>mask_count</i> values),
<b>BadValue</b> (if the values in <i>screens</i> are not
valid), and <b>BadAlloc</b> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenCount.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenCount</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenAttributes</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/DMX.3.xhtml"><em>DMX</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
