<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:53 2012 -->
<title>DMXGetScreenAttributes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DMXGetScreenAttributes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXGetScreenAttributes
&minus; determine back-end screen attributes</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/dmxext.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
DMXGetScreenAttributes(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>screen</i><b>, <br/>
DMXScreenAttributes</b> <i>*attr</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetScreenAttributes()</b>
returns the attributes for the single DMX screen specified
in <i>screen</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>DMXScreenAttributes</i> structure is:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
char *displayName; <br/>
int logicalScreen;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">unsigned int
screenWindowWidth; <br/>
unsigned int screenWindowHeight; <br/>
int screenWindowXoffset; <br/>
int screenWindowYoffset;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">unsigned int
rootWindowWidth; <br/>
unsigned int rootWindowHeight; <br/>
int rootWindowXoffset; <br/>
int rootWindowYoffset;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
rootWindowXorigin; <br/>
int rootWindowYorigin; <br/>
} DMXScreenAttributes;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>displayName</i>
is the name used to open the display, either from the
<a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a> command-line or from the configuration
file.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>logicalScreen</i>
is the value of the screen that that <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a> server
exports to clients. When Xinerama is in use, this value is
typically 0 for all values of physicalScreen. If Xinerama is
in use, <i>rootWindowXorigin</i> and
<i>rootWindowYorigin</i> specify where the physical screen
is positioned in the global Xinerama coordinate system.
Otherwise, these values are set to 0.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>screenWindowWidth</i>,
<i>screenWindowHeight</i>, <i>screenWindowXoffset</i>, and
<i>screenWindowYoffset</i> are a geometry specification (see
<b>X</b>(7x)) for the location of the DMX screen on the
back-end screen. The coordinate system of the back-end
display is used for these values.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>rootWindowWidth</i>,
<i>rootWindowHeight</i>, <i>rootWindowXoffset</i>, and
<i>rootWindowYoffset</i> are a geometry specification (see
<b>X</b>(7x)) for the location of the root window on the
screen window. The coordinate system of the screen window is
used. In most cases, the root window will have the same
geometry as the DMX screen window, and will occupy the same
area of the back-end display. (This would not be the case,
for example, if automatic projector alignment is used.)</p>

<h2 id="heading4">RETURN VALUE
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetScreenAttributes()</b>
returns <b>True</b> unless there is a protocol error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetScreenAttributes()</b>
can generate <b>BadValue</b> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenCount.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenCount</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMXChangeScreensAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXChangeScreensAttributes</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/DMX.3.xhtml"><em>DMX</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
