<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:44 2012 -->
<title>DMXGetInputAttributes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DMXGetInputAttributes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXGetInputAttributes
&minus; determine input device attributes</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/dmxext.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
DMXGetInputAttributes(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>id</i><b>, <br/>
DMXInputAttributes</b> <i>*attr</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetInputAttributes()</b>
returns information about the input device specified with
<i>id</i>. This information cannot be obtained from the
<a href="../man3/XListInputDevices.3.xhtml"><em>XListInputDevices</em>(3)</a> call. <i>id</i> is the same as
that used by the <a href="../man3/XListInputDevices.3.xhtml"><em>XListInputDevices</em>(3)</a> call, and must
be in the range 0 to one less than the value returned by
<b><a href="../man3/DMXGetInputCount.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetInputCount</em>(3)</a></b>, inclusive.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<b>DMXInputAttributes</b> structure is:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
DMXInputEnum inputType; <br/>
int physicalScreen; <br/>
int physicalId; <br/>
Bool isCore; <br/>
Bool sendsCore; <br/>
const char *name; <br/>
Bool detached; <br/>
} DMXInputAttributes;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The value of
<i>inputType</i> will always be valid, and will have one of
the following values, depending on the type of input:
<b>DMXLocalInputType , DMXConsoleInputType , or
DMXBackendInputType .</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For local
devices, all other fields returned, except <i>isCore and
sendsCore ,</i> are invalid.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For console
devices, <i>physicalScreen and physicalID</i> will be
invalid, and <i>name</i> will return the name of the X
server on which the console window is displayed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For back-end
devices, <i>physicalScreen</i> will identify the back-end
display and can be used as an argument to
<a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenAttributes</em>(3)</a> to obtain more information;
<i>physicalId</i> will be the XInput device id on the
back-end X server; and <i>name</i> will be invalid (since it
does not provide any additional information that cannot be
obtained with <a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenAttributes</em>(3)</a>).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>isCore</i> is <b>True</b>, then this device is active as
a true core input device and will send core events. If
<b>sendsCore</b> is True, then this device is an XInput
extension device, but sends core events <i>instead</i> of
extension events. This behavior is different from that of
XFree86 or Xorg, where XInput extension devices may send
<i>both</i> extension events and core events.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>detached</i> is True, then this device has been detached
and is no longer producing input events. The device may be
reattached using <a href="../man3/DMXAddInput.3.xhtml"><em>DMXAddInput</em>(3)</a>.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">RETURN VALUE
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetInputAttributes()</b>
returns <b>True</b> unless there is a protocol error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetInputAttributes()</b>
can generate <b>BadValue</b> (if the value of <i>id</i> is
out of range).</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DMXGetInputCount.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetInputCount</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XListInputDevices.3.xhtml"><em>XListInputDevices</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenAttributes</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/DMXAddInput.3.xhtml"><em>DMXAddInput</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMX.3.xhtml"><em>DMX</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
