<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:39 2012 -->
<title>DMXGetWindowAttributes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DMXGetWindowAttributes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">NOTES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXGetWindowAttributes
&minus; determine back-end window attributes</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/dmxext.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
DMXGetWindowAttributes(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
Window</b> <i>window</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*screen_count</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>available_count</i><b>, <br/>
DMXWindowAttributes</b> <i>*attr</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When calling
<b>DMXGetWindowAttributes()</b>, <i>window</i> specifies the
window ID of a window on the <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a> server and
<i>available_count</i> specifies the length of
<i>attr.</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The number of
screens for which information is available will be returned
in <i>screen_count</i> and information about those screen
will be returned in <i>attr</i>. If <i>screen_count</i> is
less than <i>available_count</i>, then information for all
of the screens will be returned. Otherwise, information for
the first <i>available_count</i> screens will be
returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>DMXWindowAttributes</i> structure is:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
int screen; <br/>
Window window; <br/>
XRectangle pos, vis; <br/>
} DMXWindowAttributes;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For each
back-end X server that displays a portion of <i>window</i>,
this structure contains the physical <i>screen</i>
containing that portion, the <i>window</i> ID on the
back-end X server of the window containing that portion, the
position and dimensions of the window on the back-end
(<i>pos</i>, in screen coordinates), and the visible area of
the window on the back-end (<i>vis</i>, in window-relative
coordinates -- all zeros if the window is not visible on the
backend).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To obtain more
information about the physical screen use the
<a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenAttributes</em>(3)</a> call.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that DMX
allows multiple back-end windows to overlap in their view of
the DMX logical window. Further, a logical window does not
have to be completely covered by back-end windows -- there
may be gaps.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">As an example,
consider a 500x500 window that spans the top two 1024x768
back-end displays (A and B) of a 2048x1536 DMX display
composed of 4 1024x768 back-end displays arranged in a
cube:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A B <br/>
C D</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In this case,
the DMXGetWindowAttributes call would return the following
information for the 500x500 window:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display A:
500x500 window at 1024-250,0 (relative to back end) <br/>
with 250x500 visible at 0,0 (relative to window origin)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display B:
500x500 window at -250,0 (relative to back end) <br/>
with 250x500 visible at 250,0 (relative to window
origin)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display C:
500x500 window at 1024-250,-768 with 0x0 visible at 0,0</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display D:
500x500 window at -250,-768 with 0x0 visible at 0,0</p>

<h2 id="heading4">RETURN VALUE
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetWindowAttributes()</b>
returns <b>True</b> unless there is a protocol error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXGetWindowAttributes()</b>
can generate <b>BadWindow</b> and <b>BadAlloc</b>
errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">NOTES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Because this
call transports a great deal of information over the wire,
please call <a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenCount.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenCount</em>(3)</a> first, and make sure
<i>attr</i> is sufficiently large.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">On a particular
back-end server, it is possible that the associated window
has not yet been mapped because the <a href="../man3/XMapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XMapWindow</em>(3)</a>
call that will eventually map the window had been buffered
by Xlib&rsquo;s normal buffering system. To avoid this race
condition, please call <a href="../man3/DMXSync.3.xhtml"><em>DMXSync</em>(3)</a> before
communicating directly with the back-end X server.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenCount.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenCount</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMXSync.3.xhtml"><em>DMXSync</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/DMXGetScreenAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>DMXGetScreenAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMX.3.xhtml"><em>DMX</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
