<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:39 2012 -->
<title>DMXQueryVersion</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DMXQueryVersion</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">NOTES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DMXQueryVersion
&minus; determine DMX extension version</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/dmxext.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
DMXQueryVersion(Display</b> <i>*dpy</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*major_version</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*minor_version</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>*patch_version</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>DMXQueryVersion()</b>
returns version information about the DMX protocol
extension.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Any
incompatible changes to the protocol will be indicated by a
change in <i>major_version</i>. Small, upward-compatible
changes will be indicated by a change in
<i>minor_version</i>. In general, <i>patch_version</i> is
for informational purposes and will encode the date of the
last protocol revision (e.g., 20040604).</p>

<h2 id="heading4">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the DMX
protocol extension is available, <i>major_version</i>,
<i>minor_version</i>, and <i>patch_version</i> will be set,
and <b>True</b> will be returned. Otherwise, <b>False</b>
will be returned.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">NOTES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">At the time of
this writing, the DMX protocol is at version 2.2.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Version 2.2 was
the final development version, and code supporting this
version was submitted to upstream X server repositories in
the summer of 2004.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Version 1.5 was
the last of the 1.x series, which was used for development
before screen and input addition and removal were supported.
Version 2.0 and 2.1 were development versions that partially
supported screen and input addition and removal.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Since we do not
expect development versions to be widely used, we recommend
that any software that uses the DMX protocol extension to
support only versions 2.2 and above (although they should
detect earlier versions and either reduce functionality or
fail gracefully).</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DMXQueryExtension.3.xhtml"><em>DMXQueryExtension</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DMX.3.xhtml"><em>DMX</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man1/Xdmx.1.xhtml"><em>Xdmx</em>(1)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
