<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:06 2012 -->
<title>DPMSSetTimeouts</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>DPMSSetTimeouts</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DPMSSetTimeouts
&minus; permits applications to set the timeout values used
by the X server for DPMS timings</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>cc</b> [
<i>flag</i> ... ] <i>file</i> ... -<b>lXext</b> [
<i>library</i> ... ] <br/>
#include &lt;X11/extensions/dpms.h&gt;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
<col width="55%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Status
DPMSSetTimeouts</b></p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">( <br/>
Display *<i>display</i>, <br/>
CARD16 <i>standby</i>, <br/>
CARD16 <i>suspend</i>, <br/>
CARD16 <i>off</i> <br/>
);</p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>display</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Specifies the connection to the
X server</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>standby</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Specifies the new standby
timeout in seconds</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>suspend</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Specifies the new suspend
timeout in seconds</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%"></col>
<col width="7%" class="center"></col>
<col width="61%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>off</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the new off timeout in seconds</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
DPMSSetTimeouts function permits applications to set the
timeout values used by the X server for Display Power
Management Signaling (DPMS) timings.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The value
<i>standby</i> is the amount of inactivity time, in seconds,
before standby mode is invoked. The actual effects of this
mode are dependent on the characteristics of the monitor and
frame buffer card. Standby mode is implemented by shutting
off the horizontal sync signal, and pulsing the vertical
sync signal. Standby mode provides the quickest monitor
recovery time. Note also that many monitors implement this
mode identical to suspend mode. A value of zero disables the
standby mode.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The value
<i>suspend</i> is the amount of time of inactivity, in
seconds, before the second level of power savings is
invoked. Suspend mode&rsquo;s physical and electrical
characteristics are implementation defined. For DPMS
compliant hardware, setting the suspend mode is implemented
by pulsing the horizontal sync signal and shutting off the
vertical sync signal. In general, suspend mode recovery is
considered to be slower than standby mode, but faster than
off mode. However it may vary from monitor to monitor. As
noted above, many monitors implement this mode identical to
the standby mode. A value of zero disables this mode.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The value
<i>off</i> is the amount of time of inactivity,in seconds,
before the third and final level of power savings is
invoked. Off mode&rsquo;s physical and electrical
characteristics are implementation defined. In DPMS
compliant hardware, it is implemented by shutting off both
horizontal and vertical sync signals, resulting in powering
down of the monitor. Recovery time is implementation
dependent. Usually the recovery time is very close to the
power-up time of the monitor. A value of zero disables this
mode.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Chronologically,
<i>standby</i> mode occurs before or simultaneously with
<i>suspend</i> mode, and <i>suspend</i> mode must occur
before or simultaneously with <i>off</i> mode. Therefore,
non-zero mode timeout values must be greater than or equal
to the timeout values of earlier modes. If inconsistent
values are supplied, a BadValue error will result.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="17%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">TRUE</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>DPMSSetTimeouts</i>
function returns TRUE when the function has succeeded.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">ERRORS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="23%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><small>BadValue</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">An argument is out of range.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DPMSCapable.3.xhtml"><em>DPMSCapable</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/DPMSInfo.3.xhtml"><em>DPMSInfo</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/DPMSGetTimeouts.3.xhtml"><em>DPMSGetTimeouts</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
