<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:27 2012 -->
<title>ImageByteOrder</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>ImageByteOrder</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">ImageByteOrder,
BitmapBitOrder, BitmapPad, BitmapUnit, DisplayHeight,
DisplayHeightMM, DisplayWidth, DisplayWidthMM,
XListPixmapFormats, XPixmapFormatValues &minus; image format
functions and macros</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XPixmapFormatValues
*XListPixmapFormats(Display *<i>display</i>, int
*<i>count_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int ImageByteOrder(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int BitmapBitOrder(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int BitmapPad(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int BitmapUnit(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int DisplayHeight(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>screen_number</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int DisplayHeightMM(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>screen_number</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int DisplayWidth(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>screen_number</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int DisplayWidthMM(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>screen_number</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>count_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of pixmap
formats that are supported by the display.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>screen_number</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the appropriate
screen number on the host server.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XListPixmapFormats</i> function returns an array of
<i>XPixmapFormatValues</i> structures that describe the
types of Z format images supported by the specified display.
If insufficient memory is available,
<i>XListPixmapFormats</i> returns NULL. To free the
allocated storage for the <i>XPixmapFormatValues</i>
structures, use <i>XFree</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>ImageByteOrder</i> macro specifies the required byte
order for images for each scanline unit in XY format
(bitmap) or for each pixel value in Z format.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>BitmapBitOrder</i> macro returns <i>LSBFirst</i> or
<i>MSBFirst</i> to indicate whether the leftmost bit in the
bitmap as displayed on the screen is the least or most
significant bit in the unit.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>BitmapPad</i> macro returns the number of bits that each
scanline must be padded.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>BitmapUnit</i> macro returns the size of a bitmap&rsquo;s
scanline unit in bits.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>DisplayHeight</i> macro returns the height of the
specified screen in pixels.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>DisplayHeightMM</i> macro returns the height of the
specified screen in millimeters.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>DisplayWidth</i> macro returns the width of the screen in
pixels.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>DisplayWidthMM</i> macro returns the width of the
specified screen in millimeters.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XPixmapFormatValues</i> structure provides an interface
to the pixmap format information that is returned at the
time of a connection setup. It contains: <br/>
typedef struct {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int depth;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int bits_per_pixel;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int scanline_pad;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XPixmapFormatValues;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/AllPlanes.3.xhtml"><em>AllPlanes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/BlackPixelOfScreen.3.xhtml"><em>BlackPixelOfScreen</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/IsCursorKey.3.xhtml"><em>IsCursorKey</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
