<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:51 2012 -->
<title>XAddHost</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XAddHost</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XAddHost,
XAddHosts, XListHosts, XRemoveHost, XRemoveHosts,
XSetAccessControl, XEnableAccessControl,
XDisableAccessControl, XHostAddress,
XServerInterpretedAddress &minus; control host access and
host control structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XAddHost(Display
*<i>display</i>, XHostAddress *<i>host</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XAddHosts(Display
*<i>display</i>, XHostAddress *<i>hosts</i>, int
<i>num_hosts</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XHostAddress *XListHosts(Display
*<i>display</i>, int *<i>nhosts_return</i>, Bool
<i>state_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XRemoveHost(Display
*<i>display</i>, XHostAddress *<i>host</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XRemoveHosts(Display
*<i>display</i>, XHostAddress *<i>hosts</i>, int
<i>num_hosts</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetAccessControl(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>mode</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XEnableAccessControl(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XDisableAccessControl(Display *<i>display</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>host</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the host that is to be added or removed.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>hosts</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies each host that is to be added or removed.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the mode. You can pass <i>EnableAccess</i> or
<i>DisableAccess</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>nhosts_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of hosts
currently in the access control list.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
<col width="28%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_hosts</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of hosts.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>state_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the state of the access
control.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XAddHost</i> function adds the specified host to the
access control list for that display. The server must be on
the same host as the client issuing the command, or a
<i>BadAccess</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XAddHost</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i> and <i>BadValue</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XAddHosts</i> function adds each specified host to the
access control list for that display. The server must be on
the same host as the client issuing the command, or a
<i>BadAccess</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XAddHosts</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i> and <i>BadValue</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XListHosts</i> function returns the current access
control list as well as whether the use of the list at
connection setup was enabled or disabled. <i>XListHosts</i>
allows a program to find out what machines can make
connections. It also returns a pointer to a list of host
structures that were allocated by the function. When no
longer needed, this memory should be freed by calling
<i>XFree</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRemoveHost</i> function removes the specified host from
the access control list for that display. The server must be
on the same host as the client process, or a
<i>BadAccess</i> error results. If you remove your machine
from the access list, you can no longer connect to that
server, and this operation cannot be reversed unless you
reset the server.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XRemoveHost</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i> and <i>BadValue</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRemoveHosts</i> function removes each specified host
from the access control list for that display. The X server
must be on the same host as the client process, or a
<i>BadAccess</i> error results. If you remove your machine
from the access list, you can no longer connect to that
server, and this operation cannot be reversed unless you
reset the server.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XRemoveHosts</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i> and <i>BadValue</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetAccessControl</i> function either enables or disables
the use of the access control list at each connection
setup.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetAccessControl</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i> and <i>BadValue</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XEnableAccessControl</i> function enables the use of the
access control list at each connection setup.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XEnableAccessControl</i>
can generate a <i>BadAccess</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDisableAccessControl</i> function disables the use of
the access control list at each connection setup.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XDisableAccessControl</i>
can generate a <i>BadAccess</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XHostAddress</i> structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int family;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* for example FamilyInternet */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int length;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* length of address, in bytes */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *address;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* pointer to where to find the address */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XHostAddress;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The family
member specifies which protocol address family to use (for
example, TCP/IP or DECnet) and can be <i>FamilyInternet</i>,
<i>FamilyInternet6</i>, <i>FamilyServerInterpreted</i>,
<i>FamilyDECnet</i>, or <i>FamilyChaos</i>. The length
member specifies the length of the address in bytes. The
address member specifies a pointer to the address.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For the
ServerInterpreted family, the length is ignored and the
address member is a pointer to a
<i>XServerInterpretedAddress</i> structure which
contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int typelength;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* length of type string, in bytes */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int valuelength;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* length of value string, in bytes */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *type;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* pointer to where to find the type string */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *value;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* pointer to where to find the address */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">}
XServerInterpretedAddress;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The type and
value members point to strings representing the type and
value of the server interpreted entry. These strings may not
be NULL-terminated so care should be used when accessing
them. The typelength and valuelength members specify the
length in byte of the type and value strings.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAccess</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A client attempted to modify the
access control list from other than the local (or otherwise
authorized) host.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
