<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:38:07 2012 -->
<title>XAllocClassHint</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XAllocClassHint</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">PROPERTIES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XAllocClassHint,
XSetClassHint, XGetClassHint, XClassHint &minus; allocate
class hints structure and set or read a window&rsquo;s
WM_CLASS property</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XClassHint
*XAllocClassHint(void);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XSetClassHint(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, XClassHint
*<i>class_hints</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XGetClassHint(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, XClassHint
*<i>class_hints_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>class_hints</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the <i>XClassHint</i>
structure that is to be used.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>class_hints_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the <i>XClassHint</i>
structure.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XAllocClassHint</i> function allocates and returns a
pointer to a <i>XClassHint</i> structure. Note that the
pointer fields in the <i>XClassHint</i> structure are
initially set to NULL. If insufficient memory is available,
<i>XAllocClassHint</i> returns NULL. To free the memory
allocated to this structure, use <i>XFree</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetClassHint</i> function sets the class hint for the
specified window. If the strings are not in the Host
Portable Character Encoding, the result is
implementation-dependent.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetClassHint</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetClassHint</i> function returns the class hint of the
specified window to the members of the supplied structure.
If the data returned by the server is in the Latin Portable
Character Encoding, then the returned strings are in the
Host Portable Character Encoding. Otherwise, the result is
implementation-dependent. It returns a nonzero status on
success; otherwise, it returns a zero status. To free
res_name and res_class when finished with the strings, use
<i>XFree</i> on each individually.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetClassHint</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">PROPERTIES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><small>WM_CLASS</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Set by application programs to
allow window and session managers to obtain the
application&rsquo;s resources from the resource
database.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XClassHint</i> structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="92%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *res_name;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *res_class;</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XClassHint;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The res_name
member contains the application name, and the res_class
member contains the application class. Note that the name
set in this property may differ from the name set as
WM_NAME. That is, WM_NAME specifies what should be displayed
in the title bar and, therefore, can contain temporal
information (for example, the name of a file currently in an
editor&rsquo;s buffer). On the other hand, the name
specified as part of WM_CLASS is the formal name of the
application that should be used when retrieving the
application&rsquo;s resources from the resource
database.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading8">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocIconSize.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocIconSize</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocSizeHints</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocWMHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocWMHints</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetCommand.3.xhtml"><em>XSetCommand</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTransientForHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTextProperty</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMClientMachine</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMColormapWindows</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMIconName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMIconName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMName</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMProperties.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProperties</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProtocols</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XStringListToTextProperty</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
