<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:43 2012 -->
<title>XALLOWDEVICEEVENTS</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XALLOWDEVICEEVENTS</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XAllowDeviceEvents
&minus; release queued events</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
XAllowDeviceEvents( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
int event_mode, <br/>
Time time); <br/>
display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device from which events are to be <br/>
allowed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">event_mode
<br/>
Specifies the event mode.You can pass AsyncThisDevice, <br/>
SyncThisDevice, ReplayThisDevice, AsyncOtherDevices, <br/>
SyncAll,or AsyncAll.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">time <br/>
Specifies the time.You can pass either a timestamp or <br/>
CurrentTime.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
XAllowDeviceEvents function releases some queued events if
the client has caused a device to freeze. It has no effect
if the specified time is earlier than the last&minus;grab
time of the most recent active grab for the client and
device, or if the specified time is later than the current X
server time.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The following
describes the processing that occurs depending on what
constant you pass to the event_mode argument.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">&bull;
AsyncThisDevice &minus; If the specified device is frozen by
the client, event processing for that device continues as
usual. If the device is frozen multiple times by the client
on behalf of multiple separate grabs, AsyncThisDevice thaws
for all.AsyncThisDevice has no effect if the specified
device is not frozen by the client, but the device need not
be grabbed by the client.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">&bull;
SyncThisDevice &minus; If the specified device is frozen and
actively grabbed by the client, event processing for that
device continues normally until the next key or button event
is reported to the client. At this time, the specified
device again appears to freeze. However, if the reported
event causes the grab to be released, the specified device
does not freeze. SyncThisDevice has no effect if the
specified device is not frozen by the client or is not
grabbed by the client.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">&bull;
ReplayThisDevice &minus; If the specified device is actively
grabbed by the client and is frozen as the result of an
event having been sent to the client (either from the
activation of a GrabDeviceButton or from a previous
AllowDeviceEvents with mode SyncThisDevice, but not from a
GrabDevice), the grab is released and that event is
completely reprocessed. This time, however, the request
ignores any passive grabs at or above (toward the root) that
the grab&minus;window of the grab just released. The request
has no effect if the specified device is not grabbed by the
client or if it is not frozen as the result of an event.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">&bull;
AsyncOtherDevices &minus; If the remaining devices are
frozen by the client, event processing for them continues as
usual. If the other devices are frozen multiple times by the
client on behalf of multiple grabs, AsyncOtherDevices
&quot;thaws&quot; for all. AsyncOtherDevices has no effect
if the devices are not frozen by the client.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">&bull; SyncAll
&minus; If all devices are frozen by the client, event
processing (for all devices) continues normally until the
next button or key event is reported to the client for a
grabbed device, at which time all devices again appear to
freeze. However, if the reported event causes the grab to be
released, then the devices do not freeze. If any device is
still grabbed, then a subsequent event for it will still
cause all devices to freeze. SyncAll has no effect unless
all devices are frozen by the client. If any device is
frozen twice by the client on behalf of two separate grabs,
SyncAll thaws for both. A subsequent freeze for SyncAll will
only freeze each device once.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">&bull; AsyncAll
&minus; If all devices are frozen by the client, event
processing for all devices continues normally. If any device
is frozen multiple times by the client on behalf of multiple
separate grabs, AsyncAll thaws for all. AsyncAll has no
effect unless all devices are frozen by the client.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">AsyncThisDevice,
SyncThisDevice, and ReplayThisDevice have no effect on the
processing of events from the remaining
devices.AsyncOtherDevices has no effect on the processing of
events from the specified device. When the event_mode is
SyncAll or AsyncAll, the device parameter is ignored.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">It is possible
for several grabs of different devices by the same or
different clients to be active simultaneously. If a device
is frozen on behalf of any grab, no event processing is
performed for the device. It is possible for a single device
to be frozen because of several grabs. In this case, the
freeze must be released on behalf of each grab before events
can again be processed.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XAllowDeviceEvents
can generate a BadDevice or BadValue error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist or has not been opened by this client via
<br/>
XOpenInputDevice. This error may also occur if the <br/>
specified device is the X keyboard or X pointer device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
An invalid mode was specified on the request.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XGrabDevice.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabDevice</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
