<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:40 2012 -->
<title>xcb-examples</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb-examples</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ENVIRONMENT</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">FLUSHING</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">COMPILATION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">CODING STYLE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb-examples
&minus; manpage examples</p>

<h2 id="heading2">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Many of the XCB
manpages contain example code. These examples intend to
explain how to use one particular part of XCB. They almost
never represent a standalone (or even useful) program - X11
programs are relatively involved and thus beyond the scope
of a manpage example.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">ENVIRONMENT
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Every example
assumes you have an <i>xcb_connection</i> and possibly other
variables at hand. For illustrating how
<i>xcb_get_property</i> works, you need the window of which
you want to get the property, for example. To make it clear
that these variables are your responsibility, these examples
consist of a single function which takes the necessary
variables as parameters.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">FLUSHING
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Flushing means
calling <i>xcb_flush</i> to clear the XCB-internal write
buffer and send all pending requests to the X11 server. You
don&rsquo;t explicitly need to flush before using a reply
function (like <i>xcb_query_pointer_reply</i>), but you do
need to flush before entering the event loop of your
program.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">There are only
two cases when XCB flushes by itself. The first case is when
its write buffer becomes full, the second case is when you
are asking for the reply of a request which wasn&rsquo;t
flushed out yet (like <i>xcb_query_pointer_reply</i>). This
last point also includes xcb_request_check(). Please note
that waiting for an event does <b>NOT</b> flush.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Examples
generally include the <i>xcb_flush</i> call where
appropriate (for example after setting a property).
Therefore, including these functions and calling them in
your application should just work. However, you might get
better results when flushing outside of the function,
depending on the architecture of your program.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">COMPILATION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If an example
does not compile (without warnings) when using
<i>-std=c99</i>, that is considered a documentation bug.
Similarly, not handling errors or leaking memory is also
considered a documentation bug. Please inform us about it on
xcb@lists.freedesktop.org.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">CODING STYLE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Every example
uses 4 spaces for indention.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Comments are in
asterisks, like /* this */.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">No line is
longer than 80 characters (including indention).</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb_connect.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_connect</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb_get_property.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_get_property</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/xcb_flush.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_flush</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading8">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Michael
Stapelberg &lt;michael+xcb at stapelberg dot de&gt;</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
