<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:23 2012 -->
<title>xcb_get_property</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_get_property</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">REPLY FIELDS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">EXAMPLE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading9">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading10">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_get_property
&minus; Gets a window property</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_get_property_cookie_t
<b>xcb_get_property</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>_delete</i>,
xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>window</i>,
xcb_atom_t&nbsp;<i>property</i>,
xcb_atom_t&nbsp;<i>type</i>,
uint32_t&nbsp;<i>long_offset</i>,
uint32_t&nbsp;<i>long_length</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p><b>Reply datastructure</b></p></table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">typedef struct
xcb_get_property_reply_t { <br/>
uint8_t <i>response_type</i>; <br/>
uint8_t <i>format</i>; <br/>
uint16_t <i>sequence</i>; <br/>
uint32_t <i>length</i>; <br/>
xcb_atom_t <i>type</i>; <br/>
uint32_t <i>bytes_after</i>; <br/>
uint32_t <i>value_len</i>; <br/>
uint8_t <i>pad0</i>[12]; <br/>
} <b>xcb_get_property_reply_t</b>;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Reply
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_get_property_reply_t
*<b>xcb_get_property_reply</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
xcb_get_property_cookie_t&nbsp;<i>cookie</i>,
xcb_generic_error_t&nbsp;**<i>e</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p><b>Reply accessors</b></p><td></td>
<td>


<p>void *<b>xcb_get_property_value</b>(const
xcb_get_property_request_t *<i>reply</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int <b>xcb_get_property_value_length</b>(const
xcb_get_property_reply_t *<i>reply</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_generic_iterator_t
<b>xcb_get_property_value_end</b>(const
xcb_get_property_reply_t *<i>reply</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>_delete</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Whether the property should actually be deleted. For
deleting a property, the specified <i>type</i> has to match
the actual property type.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>window</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The window whose property you want to get.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>property</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The property you want to get (an atom).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The type of the property you want to get (an atom).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>long_offset</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the offset (in 32-bit
multiples) in the specified property where the data is to be
retrieved.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>long_length</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies how many 32-bit
multiples of data should be retrieved (e.g. if you set
<i>long_length</i> to 4, you will receive 16 bytes of
data).</p>

<h2 id="heading4">REPLY FIELDS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>response_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The type of this reply, in this
case <i>XCB_GET_PROPERTY</i>. This field is also present in
the <i>xcb_generic_reply_t</i> and can be used to tell
replies apart from each other.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>sequence</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The sequence number of the last request processed by the
X11 server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>length</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The length of the reply, in words (a word is 4
bytes).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>format</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies whether the data should be viewed as a list of
8-bit, 16-bit, or 32-bit quantities. Possible values are 8,
16, and 32. This information allows the X server to
correctly perform byte-swap operations as necessary.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The actual type of the property (an atom).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>bytes_after</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The number of bytes remaining
to be read in the property if a partial read was
performed.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>value_len</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The length of value. You should use the corresponding
accessor instead of this field.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading5">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Gets the
specified <i>property</i> from the specified <i>window</i>.
Properties are for example the window title (<i>WM_NAME</i>)
or its minimum size (<i>WM_NORMAL_HINTS</i>). Protocols such
as EWMH also use properties - for example EWMH defines the
window title, encoded as UTF-8 string, in the
<i>_NET_WM_NAME</i> property.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">TODO: talk
about <i>type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">TODO: talk
about <i>delete</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">TODO: talk
about the offset/length thing. what&rsquo;s a valid use
case?</p>

<h2 id="heading6">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_get_property_cookie_t</i>. Errors have to be handled
when calling the reply function
<i>xcb_get_property_reply</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors in the event loop instead, use
<i>xcb_get_property_unchecked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_window_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified <i>window</i>
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_value_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified
<i>long_offset</i> is beyond the actual property length
(e.g. the property has a length of 3 bytes and you are
setting <i>long_offset</i> to 1, resulting in a byte offset
of 4).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_atom_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>property</i> or <i>type</i>
do not refer to a valid atom.</p>

<h2 id="heading8">EXAMPLE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">/* <br/>
* Prints the WM_NAME property of the window. <br/>
* <br/>
*/ <br/>
void my_example(xcb_connection *c, xcb_window_t window) {
<br/>
xcb_get_property_cookie_t cookie; <br/>
xcb_get_property_reply_t *reply;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">/* These atoms
are predefined in the X11 protocol. */ <br/>
xcb_atom_t property = XCB_ATOM_WM_NAME; <br/>
xcb_atom_t type = XCB_ATOM_STRING;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">// TODO: a
reasonable long_length for WM_NAME? <br/>
cookie = xcb_get_property(c, 0, window, property, type, 0,
0); <br/>
if ((reply = xcb_get_property_reply(c, cookie, NULL))) {
<br/>
int len = xcb_get_property_value_length(reply); <br/>
if (len == 0) { <br/>
printf(&quot;TODO\n&quot;); <br/>
free(reply); <br/>
return; <br/>
} <br/>
printf(&quot;WM_NAME is %.*s\n&quot;, len, <br/>
(char*)xcb_get_property_value(reply)); <br/>
} <br/>
free(reply); <br/>
}</p>

<h2 id="heading9">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb-examples.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-examples</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/xcb_intern_atom.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_intern_atom</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man1/xprop.1.xhtml"><em>xprop</em>(1)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading10">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
