<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:41 2012 -->
<title>xcb_change_property</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_change_property</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">EXAMPLE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading9">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_change_property
&minus; Changes a window property</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_void_cookie_t
<b>xcb_change_property</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>mode</i>, xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>window</i>,
xcb_atom_t&nbsp;<i>property</i>,
xcb_atom_t&nbsp;<i>type</i>, uint8_t&nbsp;<i>format</i>,
uint32_t&nbsp;<i>data_len</i>, const
void&nbsp;*<i>data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>One of the following values:</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_PROP_MODE_REPLACE</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Discard the previous property
value and store the new data.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_PROP_MODE_PREPEND</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Insert the new data before the
beginning of existing data. The <i>format</i> must match
existing property value. If the property is undefined, it is
treated as defined with the correct type and format with
zero-length data.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_PROP_MODE_APPEND</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Insert the new data after the
beginning of existing data. The <i>format</i> must match
existing property value. If the property is undefined, it is
treated as defined with the correct type and format with
zero-length data.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>window</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The window whose property you want to change.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>property</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The property you want to change (an atom).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The type of the property you want to change (an
atom).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>format</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies whether the data should be viewed as a list of
8-bit, 16-bit or 32-bit quantities. Possible values are 8,
16 and 32. This information allows the X server to correctly
perform byte-swap operations as necessary.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>data_len</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of elements (see
<i>format</i>).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>data</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The property data.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Sets or updates
a property on the specified <i>window</i>. Properties are
for example the window title (<i>WM_NAME</i>) or its minimum
size (<i>WM_NORMAL_HINTS</i>). Protocols such as EWMH also
use properties - for example EWMH defines the window title,
encoded as UTF-8 string, in the <i>_NET_WM_NAME</i>
property.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_void_cookie_t</i>. Errors (if any) have to be handled
in the event loop.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors directly with <i>xcb_request_check</i>
instead, use <i>xcb_change_property_checked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_alloc_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The X server could not store
the property (no memory?).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_window_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified <i>window</i>
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_value_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_match_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_atom_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>property</i> or <i>type</i>
do not refer to a valid atom.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">EXAMPLE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">/* <br/>
* Sets the WM_NAME property of the window to &quot;XCB
Example&quot;. <br/>
* <br/>
*/ <br/>
void my_example(xcb_connection *conn, xcb_window_t window) {
<br/>
xcb_change_property(conn, <br/>
XCB_PROP_MODE_REPLACE, <br/>
window, <br/>
XCB_ATOM_WM_NAME, <br/>
XCB_ATOM_STRING, <br/>
8, <br/>
strlen(&quot;XCB Example&quot;), <br/>
&quot;XCB Example&quot;); <br/>
xcb_flush(conn); <br/>
}</p>

<h2 id="heading8">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb-examples.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-examples</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/xcb_intern_atom.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_intern_atom</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man1/xprop.1.xhtml"><em>xprop</em>(1)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading9">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
