<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:19 2012 -->
<title>xcb_send_event</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_send_event</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">EXAMPLE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading9">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_send_event
&minus; send an event</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="86%"></col>
<col width="3%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_void_cookie_t
<b>xcb_send_event</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>propagate</i>,
xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>destination</i>,
uint32_t&nbsp;<i>event_mask</i>, const
char&nbsp;*<i>event</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>propagate</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If <i>propagate</i> is true and no clients have selected
any event on <i>destination</i>, the destination is replaced
with the closest ancestor of <i>destination</i> for which
some client has selected a type in <i>event_mask</i> and for
which no intervening window has that type in its
do-not-propagate-mask. If no such window exists or if the
window is an ancestor of the focus window and
<i>InputFocus</i> was originally specified as the
destination, the event is not sent to any clients.
Otherwise, the event is reported to every client selecting
on the final destination any of the types specified in
<i>event_mask</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>destination</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The window to send this event
to. Every client which selects any event within
<i>event_mask</i> on <i>destination</i> will get the
event.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_SEND_EVENT_DEST_POINTER_WINDOW</i> refers to
the window that contains the mouse pointer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_SEND_EVENT_DEST_ITEM_FOCUS</i> refers to the
window which has the keyboard focus.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Event_mask for determining
which clients should receive the specified event. See
<i>destination</i> and <i>propagate</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="72%"></col>
<col width="2%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>event</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The event to send to the specified
<i>destination</i>.</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Identifies the
<i>destination</i> window, determines which clients should
receive the specified event and ignores any active
grabs.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>event</i> must be one of the core events or an event
defined by an extension, so that the X server can correctly
byte-swap the contents as necessary. The contents of
<i>event</i> are otherwise unaltered and unchecked except
for the <i>send_event</i> field which is forced to
&rsquo;true&rsquo;.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_void_cookie_t</i>. Errors (if any) have to be handled
in the event loop.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors directly with <i>xcb_request_check</i>
instead, use <i>xcb_send_event_checked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_window_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified
<i>destination</i> window does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_value_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The given <i>event</i> is
neither a core event nor an event defined by an
extension.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">EXAMPLE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">/* <br/>
* Tell the given window that it was configured to a size of
800x600 pixels. <br/>
* <br/>
*/ <br/>
void my_example(xcb_connection_t *conn, xcb_window_t window)
{ <br/>
/* Every X11 event is 32 bytes long. Therefore, XCB will
copy 32 bytes. <br/>
* In order to properly initialize these bytes, we allocate
32 bytes even <br/>
* though we only need less for an
xcb_configure_notify_event_t */ <br/>
xcb_configure_notify_event_t *event = calloc(32, 1);</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">event-&gt;event
= window; <br/>
event-&gt;window = window; <br/>
event-&gt;response_type = XCB_CONFIGURE_NOTIFY;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">event-&gt;x =
0; <br/>
event-&gt;y = 0; <br/>
event-&gt;width = 800; <br/>
event-&gt;height = 600;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">event-&gt;border_width
= 0; <br/>
event-&gt;above_sibling = XCB_NONE; <br/>
event-&gt;override_redirect = false;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_send_event(conn,
false, window, XCB_EVENT_MASK_STRUCTURE_NOTIFY, <br/>
(char*)event); <br/>
xcb_flush(conn); <br/>
free(event); <br/>
}</p>

<h2 id="heading8">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb-examples.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-examples</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb_configure_notify_event_t.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_configure_notify_event_t</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading9">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
