<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:38 2012 -->
<title>xcb_grab_button</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_grab_button</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_grab_button
&minus; Grab pointer button(s)</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_void_cookie_t
<b>xcb_grab_button</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>owner_events</i>,
xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>grab_window</i>,
uint16_t&nbsp;<i>event_mask</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>pointer_mode</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>keyboard_mode</i>,
xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>confine_to</i>,
xcb_cursor_t&nbsp;<i>cursor</i>, uint8_t&nbsp;<i>button</i>,
uint16_t&nbsp;<i>modifiers</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>owner_events</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">If 1, the <i>grab_window</i>
will still get the pointer events. If 0, events are not
reported to the <i>grab_window</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>grab_window</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the window on which
the pointer should be grabbed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies which pointer events
are reported to the client.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">TODO: which
values?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>pointer_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_SYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The state of the keyboard
appears to freeze: No further keyboard events are generated
by the server until the grabbing client issues a releasing
<i>AllowEvents</i> request or until the keyboard grab is
released.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Keyboard event processing
continues normally.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keyboard_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_SYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The state of the keyboard
appears to freeze: No further keyboard events are generated
by the server until the grabbing client issues a releasing
<i>AllowEvents</i> request or until the keyboard grab is
released.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Keyboard event processing
continues normally.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>confine_to</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the window to confine
the pointer in (the user will not be able to move the
pointer out of that window).</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_NONE</i> means don&rsquo;t confine the
pointer.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>cursor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the cursor that should be displayed or
<i>XCB_NONE</i> to not change the cursor.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>button</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>One of the following values:</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_BUTTON_INDEX_ANY</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Any of the following (or
none):</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_BUTTON_INDEX_1</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The left mouse button.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_BUTTON_INDEX_2</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The right mouse button.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_BUTTON_INDEX_3</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The middle mouse button.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_BUTTON_INDEX_4</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Scroll wheel. TODO:
direction?</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_BUTTON_INDEX_5</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Scroll wheel. TODO:
direction?</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>modifiers</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The modifiers to grab.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">Using the
special value <i>XCB_MOD_MASK_ANY</i> means grab the pointer
with all possible modifier combinations.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This request
establishes a passive grab. The pointer is actively grabbed
as described in GrabPointer, the last-pointer-grab time is
set to the time at which the button was pressed (as
transmitted in the ButtonPress event), and the ButtonPress
event is reported if all of the following conditions are
true:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The pointer is
not grabbed and the specified button is logically pressed
when the specified modifier keys are logically down, and no
other buttons or modifier keys are logically down.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The grab-window
contains the pointer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The confine-to
window (if any) is viewable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A passive grab
on the same button/key combination does not exist on any
ancestor of grab-window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
interpretation of the remaining arguments is the same as for
GrabPointer. The active grab is terminated automatically
when the logical state of the pointer has all buttons
released, independent of the logical state of modifier keys.
Note that the logical state of a device (as seen by means of
the protocol) may lag the physical state if device event
processing is frozen. This request overrides all previous
passive grabs by the same client on the same button/key
combinations on the same window. A modifier of AnyModifier
is equivalent to issuing the request for all possible
modifier combinations (including the combination of no
modifiers). It is not required that all specified modifiers
have currently assigned keycodes. A button of AnyButton is
equivalent to issuing the request for all possible buttons.
Otherwise, it is not required that the button specified
currently be assigned to a physical button.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">An Access error
is generated if some other client has already issued a
GrabButton request with the same button/key combination on
the same window. When using AnyModifier or AnyButton, the
request fails completely (no grabs are established), and an
Access error is generated if there is a conflicting grab for
any combination. The request has no effect on an active
grab.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_void_cookie_t</i>. Errors (if any) have to be handled
in the event loop.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors directly with <i>xcb_request_check</i>
instead, use <i>xcb_grab_button_checked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_access_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Another client has already
issued a GrabButton with the same button/key combination on
the same window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_cursor_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified <i>cursor</i>
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_window_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified <i>window</i>
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_value_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading8">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
