<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:25 2012 -->
<title>xcb_query_text_extents</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_query_text_extents</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">REPLY FIELDS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading9">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_query_text_extents
&minus; get text extents</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="83%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_query_text_extents_cookie_t
<b>xcb_query_text_extents</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
xcb_fontable_t&nbsp;<i>font</i>,
uint32_t&nbsp;<i>string_len</i>, const
xcb_char2b_t&nbsp;*<i>string</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p><b>Reply datastructure</b></p></table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">typedef struct
xcb_query_text_extents_reply_t { <br/>
uint8_t <i>response_type</i>; <br/>
uint8_t <i>draw_direction</i>; <br/>
uint16_t <i>sequence</i>; <br/>
uint32_t <i>length</i>; <br/>
int16_t <i>font_ascent</i>; <br/>
int16_t <i>font_descent</i>; <br/>
int16_t <i>overall_ascent</i>; <br/>
int16_t <i>overall_descent</i>; <br/>
int32_t <i>overall_width</i>; <br/>
int32_t <i>overall_left</i>; <br/>
int32_t <i>overall_right</i>; <br/>
} <b>xcb_query_text_extents_reply_t</b>;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Reply
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_query_text_extents_reply_t
*<b>xcb_query_text_extents_reply</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
xcb_query_text_extents_cookie_t&nbsp;<i>cookie</i>,
xcb_generic_error_t&nbsp;**<i>e</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>font</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>font</i> to calculate text extents in. You can
also pass a graphics context.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>string_len</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The number of characters in
<i>string</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="51%"></col>
<col width="23%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>string</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The text to get text extents for.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">REPLY FIELDS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>response_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The type of this reply, in this
case <i>XCB_QUERY_TEXT_EXTENTS</i>. This field is also
present in the <i>xcb_generic_reply_t</i> and can be used to
tell replies apart from each other.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>sequence</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The sequence number of the last request processed by the
X11 server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>length</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The length of the reply, in words (a word is 4
bytes).</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>draw_direction</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_FONT_DRAW_LEFT_TO_RIGHT</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_FONT_DRAW_RIGHT_TO_LEFT</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>font_ascent</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>font_descent</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_ascent</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_descent</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_width</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_left</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_right</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Query text
extents from the X11 server. This request returns the
bounding box of the specified 16-bit character string in the
specified <i>font</i> or the font contained in the specified
graphics context.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>font_ascent</i>
is set to the maximum of the ascent metrics of all
characters in the string. <i>font_descent</i> is set to the
maximum of the descent metrics. <i>overall_width</i> is set
to the sum of the character-width metrics of all characters
in the string. For each character in the string, let W be
the sum of the character-width metrics of all characters
preceding it in the string. Let L be the left-side-bearing
metric of the character plus W. Let R be the
right-side-bearing metric of the character plus W. The
lbearing member is set to the minimum L of all characters in
the string. The rbearing member is set to the maximum R.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For fonts
defined with linear indexing rather than 2-byte matrix
indexing, each <i>xcb_char2b_t</i> structure is interpreted
as a 16-bit number with byte1 as the most significant byte.
If the font has no defined default character, undefined
characters in the string are taken to have all zero
metrics.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Characters with
all zero metrics are ignored. If the font has no defined
default_char, the undefined characters in the string are
also ignored.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_query_text_extents_cookie_t</i>. Errors have to be
handled when calling the reply function
<i>xcb_query_text_extents_reply</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors in the event loop instead, use
<i>xcb_query_text_extents_unchecked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_font_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified <i>font</i> does
not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_gc_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified graphics context
does not exist.</p>

<h2 id="heading8">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading9">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
