<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:45:08 2012 -->
<title>xcb_grab_key</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_grab_key</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_grab_key
&minus; Grab keyboard key(s)</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_void_cookie_t
<b>xcb_grab_key</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>owner_events</i>,
xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>grab_window</i>,
uint16_t&nbsp;<i>modifiers</i>,
xcb_keycode_t&nbsp;<i>key</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>pointer_mode</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>keyboard_mode</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>owner_events</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">If 1, the <i>grab_window</i>
will still get the pointer events. If 0, events are not
reported to the <i>grab_window</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>grab_window</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the window on which
the pointer should be grabbed.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>modifiers</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The modifiers to grab.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">Using the
special value <i>XCB_MOD_MASK_ANY</i> means grab the pointer
with all possible modifier combinations.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="48%"></col>
<col width="26%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>key</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The keycode of the key to
grab.</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_GRAB_ANY</i> means grab any key.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>pointer_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_SYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The state of the keyboard
appears to freeze: No further keyboard events are generated
by the server until the grabbing client issues a releasing
<i>AllowEvents</i> request or until the keyboard grab is
released.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Keyboard event processing
continues normally.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keyboard_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_SYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The state of the keyboard
appears to freeze: No further keyboard events are generated
by the server until the grabbing client issues a releasing
<i>AllowEvents</i> request or until the keyboard grab is
released.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Keyboard event processing
continues normally.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Establishes a
passive grab on the keyboard. In the future, the keyboard is
actively grabbed (as for <i>GrabKeyboard</i>), the
last-keyboard-grab time is set to the time at which the key
was pressed (as transmitted in the KeyPress event), and the
KeyPress event is reported if all of the following
conditions are true:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The keyboard is
not grabbed and the specified key (which can itself be a
modifier key) is logically pressed when the specified
modifier keys are logically down, and no other modifier keys
are logically down.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Either the
grab_window is an ancestor of (or is) the focus window, or
the grab_window is a descendant of the focus window and
contains the pointer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A passive grab
on the same key combination does not exist on any ancestor
of grab_window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
interpretation of the remaining arguments is as for
XGrabKeyboard. The active grab is terminated automatically
when the logical state of the keyboard has the specified key
released (independent of the logical state of the modifier
keys), at which point a KeyRelease event is reported to the
grabbing window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that the
logical state of a device (as seen by client applications)
may lag the physical state if device event processing is
frozen.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A modifiers
argument of AnyModifier is equivalent to issuing the request
for all possible modifier combinations (including the
combination of no modifiers). It is not required that all
modifiers specified have currently assigned KeyCodes. A
keycode argument of AnyKey is equivalent to issuing the
request for all possible KeyCodes. Otherwise, the specified
keycode must be in the range specified by min_keycode and
max_keycode in the connection setup, or a BadValue error
results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If some other
client has issued a XGrabKey with the same key combination
on the same window, a BadAccess error results. When using
AnyModifier or AnyKey, the request fails completely, and a
BadAccess error results (no grabs are established) if there
is a conflicting grab for any combination.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_void_cookie_t</i>. Errors (if any) have to be handled
in the event loop.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors directly with <i>xcb_request_check</i>
instead, use <i>xcb_grab_key_checked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_access_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Another client has already
issued a GrabKey with the same button/key combination on the
same window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_window_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified <i>window</i>
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_value_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb_grab_keyboard.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_grab_keyboard</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading8">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
