<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:40 2012 -->
<title>xcb_create_window</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_create_window</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_create_window
&minus; Creates a window</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_void_cookie_t
<b>xcb_create_window</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>depth</i>, xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>wid</i>,
xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>parent</i>, int16_t&nbsp;<i>x</i>,
int16_t&nbsp;<i>y</i>, uint16_t&nbsp;<i>width</i>,
uint16_t&nbsp;<i>height</i>,
uint16_t&nbsp;<i>border_width</i>,
uint16_t&nbsp;<i>_class</i>,
xcb_visualid_t&nbsp;<i>visual</i>,
uint32_t&nbsp;<i>value_mask</i>, const
uint32_t&nbsp;*<i>value_list</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>depth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the new window&rsquo;s depth (TODO: what
unit?).</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_COPY_FROM_PARENT</i> means the depth is taken
from the <i>parent</i> window.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>wid</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The ID with which you will refer
to the new window, created by <i>xcb_generate_id</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>parent</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The parent window of the new window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The X coordinate of the new window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The Y coordinate of the new window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The width of the new window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The height of the new window.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>border_width</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO:</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">Must be zero if
the <i>class</i> is <i>InputOnly</i> or a
<i>xcb_match_error_t</i> occurs.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>_class</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>One of the following values:</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_WINDOW_CLASS_COPY_FROM_PARENT</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_WINDOW_CLASS_INPUT_OUTPUT</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_WINDOW_CLASS_INPUT_ONLY</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="69%"></col>
<col width="5%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>visual</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the id for the new window&rsquo;s visual.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_COPY_FROM_PARENT</i> means the visual is taken
from the <i>parent</i> window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>value_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_CW_BACK_PIXMAP</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Overrides the default
background-pixmap. The background pixmap and window must
have the same root and same depth. Any size pixmap can be
used, although some sizes may be faster than others.</p>

<p style="margin-left:42%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>XCB_BACK_PIXMAP_NONE</i> is specified, the window has no
defined background. The server may fill the contents with
the previous screen contents or with contents of its own
choosing.</p>

<p style="margin-left:42%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>XCB_BACK_PIXMAP_PARENT_RELATIVE</i> is specified, the
parent&rsquo;s background is used, but the window must have
the same depth as the parent (or a Match error results). The
parent&rsquo;s background is tracked, and the current
version is used each time the window background is
required.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_BACK_PIXEL</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Overrides <i>BackPixmap</i>. A
pixmap of undefined size filled with the specified
background pixel is used for the background. Range-checking
is not performed, the background pixel is truncated to the
appropriate number of bits.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_BORDER_PIXMAP</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Overrides the default
border-pixmap. The border pixmap and window must have the
same root and the same depth. Any size pixmap can be used,
although some sizes may be faster than others.</p>

<p style="margin-left:42%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_COPY_FROM_PARENT</i> means the parent&rsquo;s
border pixmap is copied (subsequent changes to the
parent&rsquo;s border attribute do not affect the child),
but the window must have the same depth as the parent.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_BORDER_PIXEL</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Overrides <i>BorderPixmap</i>.
A pixmap of undefined size filled with the specified border
pixel is used for the border. Range checking is not
performed on the border-pixel value, it is truncated to the
appropriate number of bits.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_BIT_GRAVITY</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Defines which region of the
window should be retained if the window is resized.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_WIN_GRAVITY</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Defines how the window should
be repositioned if the parent is resized (see
<i>ConfigureWindow</i>).</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_BACKING_STORE</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">A backing-store of
<i>WhenMapped</i> advises the server that maintaining
contents of obscured regions when the window is mapped would
be beneficial. A backing-store of <i>Always</i> advises the
server that maintaining contents even when the window is
unmapped would be beneficial. In this case, the server may
generate an exposure event when the window is created. A
value of <i>NotUseful</i> advises the server that
maintaining contents is unnecessary, although a server may
still choose to maintain contents while the window is
mapped. Note that if the server maintains contents, then the
server should maintain complete contents not just the region
within the parent boundaries, even if the window is larger
than its parent. While the server maintains contents,
exposure events will not normally be generated, but the
server may stop maintaining contents at any time.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_BACKING_PLANES</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The backing-planes indicates
(with bits set to 1) which bit planes of the window hold
dynamic data that must be preserved in backing-stores and
during save-unders.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_BACKING_PIXEL</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The backing-pixel specifies
what value to use in planes not covered by backing-planes.
The server is free to save only the specified bit planes in
the backing-store or save-under and regenerate the remaining
planes with the specified pixel value. Any bits beyond the
specified depth of the window in these values are simply
ignored.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_OVERRIDE_REDIRECT</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The override-redirect specifies
whether map and configure requests on this window should
override a SubstructureRedirect on the parent, typically to
inform a window manager not to tamper with the window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_SAVE_UNDER</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">If 1, the server is advised
that when this window is mapped, saving the contents of
windows it obscures would be beneficial.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_EVENT_MASK</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The event-mask defines which
events the client is interested in for this window (or for
some event types, inferiors of the window).</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_DONT_PROPAGATE</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The do-not-propagate-mask
defines which events should not be propagated to ancestor
windows when no client has the event type selected in this
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_COLORMAP</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The colormap specifies the
colormap that best reflects the true colors of the window.
Servers capable of supporting multiple hardware colormaps
may use this information, and window man- agers may use it
for InstallColormap requests. The colormap must have the
same visual type and root as the window (or a Match error
results). If CopyFromParent is specified, the parent&rsquo;s
colormap is copied (subsequent changes to the parent&rsquo;s
colormap attribute do not affect the child). However, the
window must have the same visual type as the parent (or a
Match error results), and the parent must not have a
colormap of None (or a Match error results). For an
explanation of None, see FreeColormap request. The colormap
is copied by sharing the colormap object between the child
and the parent, not by making a complete copy of the
colormap contents.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_CW_CURSOR</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">If a cursor is specified, it
will be used whenever the pointer is in the window. If None
is speci- fied, the parent&rsquo;s cursor will be used when
the pointer is in the window, and any change in the
parent&rsquo;s cursor will cause an immediate change in the
displayed cursor.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>value_list</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Creates an
unmapped window as child of the specified <i>parent</i>
window. A CreateNotify event will be generated. The new
window is placed on top in the stacking order with respect
to siblings.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The coordinate
system has the X axis horizontal and the Y axis vertical
with the origin [0, 0] at the upper-left corner. Coordinates
are integral, in terms of pixels, and coincide with pixel
centers. Each window and pixmap has its own coordinate
system. For a window, the origin is inside the border at the
inside, upper-left corner.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The created
window is not yet displayed (mapped), call
<i>xcb_map_window</i> to display it.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The created
window will initially use the same cursor as its parent.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_void_cookie_t</i>. Errors (if any) have to be handled
in the event loop.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors directly with <i>xcb_request_check</i>
instead, use <i>xcb_create_window_checked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_pixmap_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_alloc_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The X server could not allocate
the requested resources (no memory?).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_colormap_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_value_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_cursor_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_window_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_match_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb_create_notify_event_t.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_create_notify_event_t</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb_generate_id.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_generate_id</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/xcb_map_window.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_map_window</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading8">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
