<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:45 2012 -->
<title>xcb_grab_keyboard</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>xcb_grab_keyboard</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">REPLY FIELDS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">RETURN VALUE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">EXAMPLE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading9">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading10">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xcb_grab_keyboard
&minus; Grab the keyboard</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;xcb/xproto.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Request
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_grab_keyboard_cookie_t
<b>xcb_grab_keyboard</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>owner_events</i>,
xcb_window_t&nbsp;<i>grab_window</i>,
xcb_timestamp_t&nbsp;<i>time</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>pointer_mode</i>,
uint8_t&nbsp;<i>keyboard_mode</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p><b>Reply datastructure</b></p></table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">typedef struct
xcb_grab_keyboard_reply_t { <br/>
uint8_t <i>response_type</i>; <br/>
uint8_t <i>status</i>; <br/>
uint16_t <i>sequence</i>; <br/>
uint32_t <i>length</i>; <br/>
} <b>xcb_grab_keyboard_reply_t</b>;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Reply
function</b></p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xcb_grab_keyboard_reply_t
*<b>xcb_grab_keyboard_reply</b>(xcb_connection_t&nbsp;*<i>conn</i>,
xcb_grab_keyboard_cookie_t&nbsp;<i>cookie</i>,
xcb_generic_error_t&nbsp;**<i>e</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">REQUEST ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>conn</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The XCB connection to X11.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>owner_events</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">If 1, the <i>grab_window</i>
will still get the pointer events. If 0, events are not
reported to the <i>grab_window</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>grab_window</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the window on which
the pointer should be grabbed.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Timestamp to avoid race conditions when running X over
the network.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">The special
value <i>XCB_CURRENT_TIME</i> will be replaced with the
current server time.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>pointer_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_SYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The state of the keyboard
appears to freeze: No further keyboard events are generated
by the server until the grabbing client issues a releasing
<i>AllowEvents</i> request or until the keyboard grab is
released.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Keyboard event processing
continues normally.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keyboard_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">One of the following values:
<i><br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_SYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">The state of the keyboard
appears to freeze: No further keyboard events are generated
by the server until the grabbing client issues a releasing
<i>AllowEvents</i> request or until the keyboard grab is
released.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">Keyboard event processing
continues normally.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">REPLY FIELDS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>response_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The type of this reply, in this
case <i>XCB_GRAB_KEYBOARD</i>. This field is also present in
the <i>xcb_generic_reply_t</i> and can be used to tell
replies apart from each other.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>sequence</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The sequence number of the last request processed by the
X11 server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>length</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The length of the reply, in words (a word is 4
bytes).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>status</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>One of the following values:</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_STATUS_SUCCESS</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_STATUS_ALREADY_GRABBED</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_STATUS_INVALID_TIME</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_STATUS_NOT_VIEWABLE</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>


<p style="margin-left:26%;"><i>XCB_GRAB_STATUS_FROZEN</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:42%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Actively grabs
control of the keyboard and generates FocusIn and FocusOut
events. Further key events are reported only to the grabbing
client.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Any active
keyboard grab by this client is overridden. If the keyboard
is actively grabbed by some other client,
<i>AlreadyGrabbed</i> is returned. If <i>grab_window</i> is
not viewable, <i>GrabNotViewable</i> is returned. If the
keyboard is frozen by an active grab of another client,
<i>GrabFrozen</i> is returned. If the specified <i>time</i>
is earlier than the last-keyboard-grab time or later than
the current X server time, <i>GrabInvalidTime</i> is
returned. Otherwise, the last-keyboard-grab time is set to
the specified time.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">RETURN VALUE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Returns an
<i>xcb_grab_keyboard_cookie_t</i>. Errors have to be handled
when calling the reply function
<i>xcb_grab_keyboard_reply</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you want to
handle errors in the event loop instead, use
<i>xcb_grab_keyboard_unchecked</i>. See
<b>xcb-<a href="../man3/requests.3.xhtml"><em>requests</em>(3)</a></b> for details.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xcb_window_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The specified <i>window</i>
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>xcb_value_error_t</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">TODO: reasons?</p>

<h2 id="heading8">EXAMPLE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">/* <br/>
* Grabs the keyboard actively <br/>
* <br/>
*/ <br/>
void my_example(xcb_connection *conn, xcb_screen_t *screen)
{ <br/>
xcb_grab_keyboard_cookie_t cookie; <br/>
xcb_grab_keyboard_reply_t *reply;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">cookie =
xcb_grab_keyboard( <br/>
conn, <br/>
true, /* report events */ <br/>
screen-&gt;root, /* grab the root window */ <br/>
XCB_CURRENT_TIME, <br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC, /* process events as normal, do not
require sync */ <br/>
XCB_GRAB_MODE_ASYNC <br/>
);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">if ((reply =
xcb_grab_keyboard_reply(conn, cookie, NULL))) { <br/>
if (reply-&gt;status == XCB_GRAB_STATUS_SUCCESS) <br/>
printf(&quot;successfully grabbed the keyboard\n&quot;);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">free(reply);
<br/>
} <br/>
}</p>

<h2 id="heading9">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/xcb-requests.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-requests</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/xcb-examples.3.xhtml"><em>xcb-examples</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/xcb_grab_pointer.3.xhtml"><em>xcb_grab_pointer</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading10">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Generated from
xproto.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for
corrections and improvements.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
