<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:27 2012 -->
<title>XCHANGEPOINTERDEVICE</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCHANGEPOINTERDEVICE</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XChangePointerDevice
&minus; change which device is the X pointer</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XChangePointerDevice( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
int xaxis, <br/>
int yaxis);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device to be used as the X pointer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">xaxis <br/>
Specifies the axis of the device to be used as the X <br/>
pointer x&minus;axis.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">yaxis <br/>
Specifies the axis of the device to be used as the X <br/>
pointer y&minus;axis.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XChangePointerDevice request causes the server to use the
<br/>
specified device as the X pointer. The device must have been
<br/>
opened by the client via XOpenDevice or a BadDevice error
will <br/>
result. The device must support input class Valuators or a
<br/>
BadMatch error will result. If the implementation does not
<br/>
support use of the specified device as the X pointer, a
<br/>
BadDevice error will result.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the
specified device is grabbed by another client, <br/>
AlreadyGrabbed is returned. If the specified device is
frozen <br/>
by a grab on another device, GrabFrozen is returned. If the
<br/>
request is successful, Success is returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the request
succeeds, a ChangeDeviceNotify event is sent to <br/>
all clients that have selected that event. A MappingNotify
<br/>
event with request = MappingPointer is sent to all clients.
The <br/>
specified device becomes the X pointer, and the old X
pointer <br/>
becomes accessible through the input extension protocol
<br/>
requests.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XChangePointerDevice
can generate a BadDevice or a BadMatch <br/>
error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist, has not been opened by this client via <br/>
XOpenInputDevice, or is already one of the core X input
<br/>
devices (pointer or keyboard). This error may also occur
<br/>
if the server implementation does not support using the
<br/>
specified device as the X pointer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadMatch <br/>
This error may occur if an XChangePointerDevice request
<br/>
was made specifying a device that has less than two <br/>
valuators, or specifying a valuator index beyond the <br/>
range supported by the device.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeKeyboardDevice.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeKeyboardDevice</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
