<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:55 2012 -->
<title>XChangeSaveSet</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XChangeSaveSet</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XChangeSaveSet,
XAddToSaveSet, XRemoveFromSaveSet &minus; change a
client&rsquo;s save set</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XChangeSaveSet(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, int
<i>change_mode</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XAddToSaveSet(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XRemoveFromSaveSet(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>change_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the mode. You can
pass <i>SetModeInsert</i> or <i>SetModeDelete</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window that you want to add or delete from
the client&rsquo;s save-set.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Depending on
the specified mode, <i>XChangeSaveSet</i> either inserts or
deletes the specified window from the client&rsquo;s
save-set. The specified window must have been created by
some other client, or a <i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XChangeSaveSet</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i>, <i>BadValue</i>, and
<i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XAddToSaveSet</i> function adds the specified window to
the client&rsquo;s save-set. The specified window must have
been created by some other client, or a <i>BadMatch</i>
error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XAddToSaveSet</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRemoveFromSaveSet</i> function removes the specified
window from the client&rsquo;s save-set. The specified
window must have been created by some other client, or a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XRemoveFromSaveSet</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some argument or pair of
arguments has the correct type and range but fails to match
in some other way required by the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XReparentWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XReparentWindow</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
