<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:25:28 2012 -->
<title>XChangeWindowAttributes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XChangeWindowAttributes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XChangeWindowAttributes,
XSetWindowBackground, XSetWindowBackgroundPixmap,
XSetWindowBorder, XSetWindowBorderPixmap, XSetWindowColormap
&minus; change window attributes</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XChangeWindowAttributes(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, unsigned long <i>valuemask</i>,
XSetWindowAttributes *<i>attributes</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetWindowBackground(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, unsigned long
<i>background_pixel</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XSetWindowBackgroundPixmap(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, Pixmap <i>background_pixmap</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetWindowBorder(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, unsigned long
<i>border_pixel</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XSetWindowBorderPixmap(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, Pixmap <i>border_pixmap</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetWindowColormap(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, Colormap
<i>colormap</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>attributes</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the structure from
which the values (as specified by the value mask) are to be
taken. The value mask should have the appropriate bits set
to indicate which attributes have been set in the
structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>background_pixel</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the pixel that is to
be used for the background.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>background_pixmap</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the background
pixmap, <i>ParentRelative</i>, or <i>None</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>border_pixel</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the entry in the
colormap.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>border_pixmap</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the border pixmap or
<i>CopyFromParent</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>valuemask</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies which window attributes are defined in the
attributes argument. This mask is the bitwise inclusive OR
of the valid attribute mask bits. If valuemask is zero, the
attributes are ignored and are not referenced.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Depending on
the valuemask, the <i>XChangeWindowAttributes</i> function
uses the window attributes in the
<i>XSetWindowAttributes</i> structure to change the
specified window attributes. Changing the background does
not cause the window contents to be changed. To repaint the
window and its background, use <i>XClearWindow</i>. Setting
the border or changing the background such that the border
tile origin changes causes the border to be repainted.
Changing the background of a root window to <i>None</i> or
<i>ParentRelative</i> restores the default background
pixmap. Changing the border of a root window to
<i>CopyFromParent</i> restores the default border pixmap.
Changing the win-gravity does not affect the current
position of the window. Changing the backing-store of an
obscured window to <i>WhenMapped</i> or <i>Always</i>, or
changing the backing-planes, backing-pixel, or save-under of
a mapped window may have no immediate effect. Changing the
colormap of a window (that is, defining a new map, not
changing the contents of the existing map) generates a
<i>ColormapNotify</i> event. Changing the colormap of a
visible window may have no immediate effect on the screen
because the map may not be installed (see
<i>XInstallColormap</i>). Changing the cursor of a root
window to <i>None</i> restores the default cursor. Whenever
possible, you are encouraged to share colormaps.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Multiple
clients can select input on the same window. Their event
masks are maintained separately. When an event is generated,
it is reported to all interested clients. However, only one
client at a time can select for
<i>SubstructureRedirectMask</i>, <i>ResizeRedirectMask</i>,
and <i>ButtonPressMask</i>. If a client attempts to select
any of these event masks and some other client has already
selected one, a <i>BadAccess</i> error results. There is
only one do-not-propagate-mask for a window, not one per
client.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XChangeWindowAttributes</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i>, <i>BadColor</i>,
<i>BadCursor</i>, <i>BadMatch</i>, <i>BadPixmap</i>,
<i>BadValue</i>, and <i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWindowBackground</i> function sets the background of
the window to the specified pixel value. Changing the
background does not cause the window contents to be changed.
<i>XSetWindowBackground</i> uses a pixmap of undefined size
filled with the pixel value you passed. If you try to change
the background of an <i>InputOnly</i> window, a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWindowBackground</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWindowBackgroundPixmap</i> function sets the
background pixmap of the window to the specified pixmap. The
background pixmap can immediately be freed if no further
explicit references to it are to be made. If
<i>ParentRelative</i> is specified, the background pixmap of
the window&rsquo;s parent is used, or on the root window,
the default background is restored. If you try to change the
background of an <i>InputOnly</i> window, a <i>BadMatch</i>
error results. If the background is set to <i>None</i>, the
window has no defined background.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWindowBackgroundPixmap</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i>, <i>BadPixmap</i>, and
<i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWindowBorder</i> function sets the border of the
window to the pixel value you specify. If you attempt to
perform this on an <i>InputOnly</i> window, a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWindowBorder</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWindowBorderPixmap</i> function sets the border
pixmap of the window to the pixmap you specify. The border
pixmap can be freed immediately if no further explicit
references to it are to be made. If you specify
<i>CopyFromParent</i>, a copy of the parent window&rsquo;s
border pixmap is used. If you attempt to perform this on an
<i>InputOnly</i> window, a <i>BadMatch</i> error
results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWindowBorderPixmap</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i>, <i>BadPixmap</i>, and
<i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWindowColormap</i> function sets the specified
colormap of the specified window. The colormap must have the
same visual type as the window, or a <i>BadMatch</i> error
results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWindowColormap</i>
can generate <i>BadColor</i>, <i>BadMatch</i>, and
<i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAccess</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A client attempted to free a
color map entry that it did not already allocate.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadAccess</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A client attempted to store into a read-only color map
entry.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadColor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Colormap argument does not name a defined
Colormap.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadCursor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Cursor argument does not name a defined
Cursor.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window locks this attribute.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadPixmap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Pixmap argument does not name a defined
Pixmap.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XConfigureWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureWindow</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCreateWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XDestroyWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XDestroyWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XInstallColormap.3.xhtml"><em>XInstallColormap</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XMapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XMapWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XRaiseWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XRaiseWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XUnmapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapWindow</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
