<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:34 2012 -->
<title>XChangePointerControl</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XChangePointerControl</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XChangePointerControl,
XGetPointerControl &minus; control pointer</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XChangePointerControl(Display *<i>display</i>, Bool
<i>do_accel</i>, Bool <i>do_threshold</i>, int
<i>accel_numerator</i>, int <i>accel_denominator</i>, int
<i>threshold</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGetPointerControl(Display
*<i>display</i>, int *<i>accel_numerator_return</i>, int
*<i>accel_denominator_return</i>, int
*<i>threshold_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>accel_denominator</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the denominator for
the acceleration multiplier.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>accel_denominator_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the denominator for the
acceleration multiplier.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>accel_numerator</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the numerator for the
acceleration multiplier.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>accel_numerator_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the numerator for the
acceleration multiplier.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>do_accel</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a Boolean value that controls whether the
values for the accel_numerator or accel_denominator are
used.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>do_threshold</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a Boolean value that
controls whether the value for the threshold is used.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="57%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>threshold</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the acceleration threshold.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>threshold_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the acceleration
threshold.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XChangePointerControl</i> function defines how the
pointing device moves. The acceleration, expressed as a
fraction, is a multiplier for movement. For example,
specifying 3/1 means the pointer moves three times as fast
as normal. The fraction may be rounded arbitrarily by the X
server. Acceleration only takes effect if the pointer moves
more than threshold pixels at once and only applies to the
amount beyond the value in the threshold argument. Setting a
value to &minus;1 restores the default. The values of the
do_accel and do_threshold arguments must be <i>True</i> for
the pointer values to be set, or the parameters are
unchanged. Negative values (other than &minus;1) generate a
<i>BadValue</i> error, as does a zero value for the
accel_denominator argument.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XChangePointerControl</i>
can generate a <i>BadValue</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetPointerControl</i> function returns the
pointer&rsquo;s current acceleration multiplier and
acceleration threshold.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Xlib &minus;
C Language X Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
