<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:48 2012 -->
<title>XcmsConvertColors</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XcmsConvertColors</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XcmsConvertColors
&minus; convert CCC color specifications</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XcmsConvertColors(XcmsCCC
<i>ccc</i>, XcmsColor <i>colors_in_out</i>[], unsigned int
<i>ncolors</i>, XcmsColorFormat <i>target_format</i>, Bool
<i>compression_flags_return</i>[]);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ccc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the CCC. If Conversion is between
device-independent color spaces only (for example, TekHVC to
CIELuv), the CCC is necessary only to specify the Client
White Point.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>colors_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies an array of color
specifications. Pixel members are ignored and remain
unchanged upon return.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>compression_flags_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns an array of Boolean
values indicating compression status. If a non-NULL pointer
is supplied, each element of the array is set to <i>True</i>
if the corresponding color was compressed and <i>False</i>
otherwise. Pass NULL if the compression status is not
useful.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ncolors</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of <i>XcmsColor</i> structures in
the color-specification array.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>target_format</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the target color
specification format.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsConvertColors</i> function converts the color
specifications in the specified array of <i>XcmsColor</i>
structures from their current format to a single target
format, using the specified CCC. When the return value is
<i>XcmsFailure</i>, the contents of the color specification
array are left unchanged.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The array may
contain a mixture of color specification formats (for
example, 3 CIE XYZ, 2 CIE Luv, and so on). When the array
contains both device-independent and device-dependent color
specifications and the target_format argument specifies a
device-dependent format (for example, <i>XcmsRGBiFormat</i>,
<i>XcmsRGBFormat</i>), all specifications are converted to
CIE XYZ format and then to the target device-dependent
format.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DisplayOfCCC.3.xhtml"><em>DisplayOfCCC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsCCCOfColormap.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsCCCOfColormap</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XcmsCreateCCC.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsCreateCCC</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XcmsDefaultCCC.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsDefaultCCC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsSetWhitePoint.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsSetWhitePoint</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
