<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:34 2012 -->
<title>XcmsCreateCCC</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XcmsCreateCCC</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XcmsCreateCCC,
XcmsFreeCCC &minus; creating and destroying CCCs</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XcmsCCC XcmsCreateCCC(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>screen_number</i>, Visual
*<i>visual</i>, XcmsColor *<i>client_white_point</i>,
XcmsCompressionProc <i>compression_proc</i>, XPointer
<i>compression_client_data</i>, XcmsWhiteAdjustProc
<i>white_adjust_proc</i>, XPointer
<i>white_adjust_client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">void
XcmsFreeCCC(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>);</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ccc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the CCC.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_white_point</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the Client White
Point. If NULL is specified, the Client White Point is to be
assumed to be the same as the Screen White Point. Note that
the pixel member is ignored.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>compression_client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies client data for use
by the gamut compression procedure or NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>compression_proc</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the gamut compression
procedure that is to be applied when a color lies outside
the screen&rsquo;s color gamut. If NULL is specified and a
function using this CCC must convert a color specification
to a device-dependent format and encounters a color that
lies outside the screen&rsquo;s color gamut, that function
will return <i>XcmsFailure</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>screen_number</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the appropriate
screen number on the host server.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>visual</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the visual type.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>white_adjust_client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies client data for use
with the white point adjustment procedure or NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>white_adjust_proc</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the white adjustment
procedure that is to be applied when the Client White Point
differs from the Screen White Point. NULL indicates that no
white point adjustment is desired.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsCreateCCC</i> function creates a CCC for the
specified display, screen, and visual.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsFreeCCC</i> function frees the memory used for the
specified CCC. Note that default CCCs and those currently
associated with colormaps are ignored.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/DisplayOfCCC.3.xhtml"><em>DisplayOfCCC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsCCCOfColormap.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsCCCOfColormap</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XcmsConvertColors.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsConvertColors</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsDefaultCCC.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsDefaultCCC</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XcmsSetWhitePoint.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsSetWhitePoint</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
