<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:43 2012 -->
<title>XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC,
XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxV, XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVC,
XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVSamples, XcmsTekHVCQueryMinV &minus;
obtain the TekHVC coordinates</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue</i>, XcmsFloat <i>value</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxV(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue</i>, XcmsFloat <i>chroma</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVC(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue</i>, XcmsColor *<i>color_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVSamples(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue</i>, XcmsColor <i>colors_return[]</i>, unsigned int
<i>nsamples</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsTekHVCQueryMinV(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue</i>, XcmsFloat <i>chroma</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ccc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the CCC. Note that the CCC&rsquo;s Client
White Point and White Point Adjustment procedures are
ignored.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>chroma</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the chroma at which to find maximum Value
(MaxV).</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>colors_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns nsamples of color
specifications in XcmsTekHVC such that the Chroma is the
maximum attainable for the Value and Hue. The white point
associated with the returned color specification is the
Screen White Point. The value returned in the pixel member
is undefined.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the maximum Chroma
along with the actual Hue and Value (MaxC), maximum Value
along with the Hue and Chroma (MaxV), color specification in
XcmsTekHVC for the maximum Chroma, the Value at which that
maximum Chroma is reached and actual Hue (MaxVC) or minimum
Value and the actual Hue and Chroma (MinL) at which the
maximum Chroma (MaxC and MaxVC), maximum Value (MaxV), or
minimum Value (MinL) was found. The white point associated
with the returned color specification is the Screen White
Point. The value returned in the pixel member is
undefined.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>hue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the Hue in which to find the maximum Chroma
(MaxC and MaxVC), maximum Value (MaxV), the maximum
Chroma/Value samples (MaxVSamples), or the minimum Value
(MinL).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>nsamples</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of samples.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>value</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the Value in which to find the maximum Chroma
(MaxC) or minimum Value (MinL).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC</i> function, given a Hue and Value,
determines the maximum Chroma in TekHVC color space
displayable by the screen. It returns the maximum Chroma
along with the actual Hue and Value at which the maximum
Chroma was found.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxV</i> function, given a Hue and Chroma,
determines the maximum Value in TekHVC color space
displayable by the screen. It returns the maximum Value and
the actual Hue and Chroma at which the maximum Value was
found.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVC</i> function, given a Hue,
determines the maximum Chroma in TekHVC color space
displayable by the screen and the Value at which that
maximum Chroma is reached. It returns the maximum Chroma,
the Value at which that maximum Chroma is reached, and the
actual Hue for which the maximum Chroma was found.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVSamples</i> returns nsamples of
maximum Value, the Chroma at which that maximum Value is
reached, and the actual Hue for which the maximum Chroma was
found. These sample points may then be used to plot the
maximum Value/Chroma boundary of the screen&rsquo;s color
gamut for the specified Hue in TekHVC color space.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsTekHVCQueryMinV</i> function, given a Hue and Chroma,
determines the minimum Value in TekHVC color space
displayable by the screen. It returns the minimum Value and
the actual Hue and Chroma at which the minimum Value was
found.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxC.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsCIELabQueryMaxC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XcmsQueryBlack.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsQueryBlack</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
