<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:55 2012 -->
<title>XcmsStoreColor</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XcmsStoreColor</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XcmsStoreColor,
XcmsStoreColors &minus; set colors</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XcmsStoreColor(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XcmsStoreColors(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, XcmsColor
<i>colors</i>[], int <i>ncolors</i>, Bool
<i>compression_flags_return</i>[]);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>color</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the color cell and the color to store. Values
specified in this <i>XcmsColor</i> structure remain
unchanged on return.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colors</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the color specification array of
<i>XcmsColor</i> structures, each specifying a color cell
and the color to store in that cell. Values specified in the
array remain unchanged upon return.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap.</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>compression_flags_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns an array of Boolean
values indicating compression status. If a non-NULL pointer
is supplied, each element of the array is set to <i>True</i>
if the corresponding color was compressed and <i>False</i>
otherwise. Pass NULL if the compression status is not
useful.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ncolors</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of <i>XcmsColor</i> structures in
the color-specification array.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsStoreColor</i> function converts the color specified
in the <i>XcmsColor</i> structure into RGB values. It then
uses this RGB specification in an <i>XColor</i> structure,
whose three flags (<i>DoRed</i>, <i>DoGreen</i>, and
<i>DoBlue</i>) are set, in a call to <i>XStoreColor</i> to
change the color cell specified by the pixel member of the
<i>XcmsColor</i> structure. This pixel value must be a valid
index for the specified colormap, and the color cell
specified by the pixel value must be a read/write cell. If
the pixel value is not a valid index, a <i>BadValue</i>
error results. If the color cell is unallocated or is
allocated read-only, a <i>BadAccess</i> error results. If
the colormap is an installed map for its screen, the changes
are visible immediately.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that
<i>XStoreColor</i> has no return value; therefore, an
<i>XcmsSuccess</i> return value from this function indicates
that the conversion to RGB succeeded and the call to
<i>XStoreColor</i> was made. To obtain the actual color
stored, use <i>XcmsQueryColor</i>. Because of the
screen&rsquo;s hardware limitations or gamut compression,
the color stored in the colormap may not be identical to the
color specified.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XcmsStoreColor</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i>, <i>BadColor</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsStoreColors</i> function converts the colors
specified in the array of <i>XcmsColor</i> structures into
RGB values and then uses these RGB specifications in
<i>XColor</i> structures, whose three flags (<i>DoRed</i>,
<i>DoGreen</i>, and <i>DoBlue</i>) are set, in a call to
<i>XStoreColors</i> to change the color cells specified by
the pixel member of the corresponding <i>XcmsColor</i>
structure. Each pixel value must be a valid index for the
specified colormap, and the color cell specified by each
pixel value must be a read/write cell. If a pixel value is
not a valid index, a <i>BadValue</i> error results. If a
color cell is unallocated or is allocated read-only, a
<i>BadAccess</i> error results. If more than one pixel is in
error, the one that gets reported is arbitrary. If the
colormap is an installed map for its screen, the changes are
visible immediately.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that
<i>XStoreColors</i> has no return value; therefore, an
<i>XcmsSuccess</i> return value from this function indicates
that conversions to RGB succeeded and the call to
<i>XStoreColors</i> was made. To obtain the actual colors
stored, use <i>XcmsQueryColors</i>. Because of the
screen&rsquo;s hardware limitations or gamut compression,
the colors stored in the colormap may not be identical to
the colors specified.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XcmsStoreColors</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i>, <i>BadColor</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAccess</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A client attempted to free a
color map entry that it did not already allocate.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadAccess</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A client attempted to store into a read-only color map
entry.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadColor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Colormap argument does not name a defined
Colormap.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XcmsAllocColor.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsAllocColor</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsQueryColor.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsQueryColor</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
