<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:41:25 2012 -->
<title>XcmsQueryColor</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XcmsQueryColor</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XcmsQueryColor,
XcmsQueryColors, XcmsLookupColor &minus; obtain color
values</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XcmsQueryColor(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_in_out</i>, XcmsColorFormat
<i>result_format</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XcmsQueryColors(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, XcmsColor
<i>colors_in_out</i>[], unsigned int <i>ncolors</i>,
XcmsColorFormat <i>result_format</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XcmsLookupColor(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, char
*<i>color_string</i>, XcmsColor *<i>color_exact_return</i>,
XcmsColor *<i>color_screen_return</i>, XcmsColorFormat
<i>result_format</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_exact_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the color specification
parsed from the color string or parsed from the
corresponding string found in a color-name database.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the pixel member that
indicates the color cell to query. The color specification
stored for the color cell is returned in this
<i>XcmsColor</i> structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_screen_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the color that can be
reproduced on the screen.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_string</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the color string.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>result_format</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the color format for
the returned color specifications (color_screen_return and
color_exact_return arguments). If the format is
<i>XcmsUndefinedFormat</i> and the color string contains a
numerical color specification, the specification is returned
in the format used in that numerical color specification. If
the format is <i>XcmsUndefinedFormat</i> and the color
string contains a color name, the specification is returned
in the format used to store the color in the database.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ncolors</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of <i>XcmsColor</i> structures in
the color-specification array.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsQueryColor</i> function obtains the RGB value for the
pixel value in the pixel member of the specified
<i>XcmsColor</i> structure and then converts the value to
the target format as specified by the result_format
argument. If the pixel is not a valid index in the specified
colormap, a <i>BadValue</i> error results. The
<i>XcmsQueryColors</i> function obtains the RGB values for
pixel values in the pixel members of <i>XcmsColor</i>
structures and then converts the values to the target format
as specified by the result_format argument. If a pixel is
not a valid index into the specified colormap, a
<i>BadValue</i> error results. If more than one pixel is in
error, the one that gets reported is arbitrary.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XcmsQueryColor</i>
and <i>XcmsQueryColors</i> can generate <i>BadColor</i> and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsLookupColor</i> function looks up the string name of
a color with respect to the screen associated with the
specified colormap. It returns both the exact color values
and the closest values provided by the screen with respect
to the visual type of the specified colormap. The values are
returned in the format specified by result_format. If the
color name is not in the Host Portable Character Encoding,
the result is implementation-dependent. Use of uppercase or
lowercase does not matter. <i>XcmsLookupColor</i> returns
<i>XcmsSuccess</i> or <i>XcmsSuccessWithCompression</i> if
the name is resolved; otherwise, it returns
<i>XcmsFailure</i>. If <i>XcmsSuccessWithCompression</i> is
returned, the color specification returned in
color_screen_return is the result of gamut compression.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadColor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for a Colormap argument
does not name a defined Colormap.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XcmsAllocColor.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsAllocColor</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsStoreColor.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsStoreColor</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XQueryColor.3.xhtml"><em>XQueryColor</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
