<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:24 2012 -->
<title>XcmsAllocColor</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XcmsAllocColor</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XcmsAllocColor,
XcmsAllocNamedColor &minus; allocate colors</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XcmsAllocColor(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_in_out</i>, XcmsColorFormat
<i>result_format</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsAllocNamedColor(Display *<i>display</i>, Colormap
<i>colormap</i>, char *<i>color_string</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_screen_return</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_exact_return</i>, XcmsColorFormat
<i>result_format</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_exact_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the color specification
parsed from the color string or parsed from the
corresponding string found in a color-name database.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the color to allocate
and returns the pixel and color that is actually used in the
colormap.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_screen_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the pixel value of the
color cell and color specification that actually is stored
for that cell.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_string</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the color
string&nbsp;whose color definition structure is to be
returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>result_format</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the color format for
the returned color specification.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsAllocColor</i> function is similar to
<i>XAllocColor</i> except the color can be specified in any
format. The <i>XcmsAllocColor</i> function ultimately calls
<i>XAllocColor</i> to allocate a read-only color cell
(colormap entry) with the specified color.
<i>XcmsAllocColor</i> first converts the color specified to
an RGB value and then passes this to <i>XAllocColor</i>.
<i>XcmsAllocColor</i> returns the pixel value of the color
cell and the color specification actually allocated. This
returned color specification is the result of converting the
RGB value returned by <i>XAllocColor</i> into the format
specified with the result_format argument. If there is no
interest in a returned color specification, unnecessary
computation can be bypassed if result_format is set to
<i>XcmsRGBFormat</i>. The corresponding colormap cell is
read-only. If this routine returns <i>XcmsFailure</i>, the
color_in_out color specification is left unchanged.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XcmsAllocColor</i>
can generate a <i>BadColor</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsAllocNamedColor</i> function is similar to
<i>XAllocNamedColor</i> except that the color returned can
be in any format specified. This function ultimately calls
<i>XAllocColor</i> to allocate a read-only color cell with
the color specified by a color string. The color string is
parsed into an <i>XcmsColor</i> structure (see
<i>XcmsLookupColor</i>), converted to an RGB value, and
finally passed to <i>XAllocColor</i>. If the color name is
not in the Host Portable Character Encoding, the result is
implementation-dependent. Use of uppercase or lowercase does
not matter.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
returns both the color specification as a result of parsing
(exact specification) and the actual color specification
stored (screen specification). This screen specification is
the result of converting the RGB value returned by
<i>XAllocColor</i> into the format specified in
result_format. If there is no interest in a returned color
specification, unnecessary computation can be bypassed if
result_format is set to <i>XcmsRGBFormat</i>. If
color_screen_return and color_exact_return point to the same
structure, the pixel field will be set correctly, but the
color values are undefined.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XcmsAllocNamedColor</i>
can generate a <i>BadColor</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadColor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for a Colormap argument
does not name a defined Colormap.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XcmsQueryColor.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsQueryColor</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsStoreColor.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsStoreColor</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
