<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:45:28 2012 -->
<title>XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC,
XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxL, XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxLC,
XcmsCIELuvQueryMinL &minus; obtain the CIE L*u*v*
coordinates</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue_angle</i>, XcmsFloat <i>L_star</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxL(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue_angle</i>, XcmsFloat <i>chroma</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxLC(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue_angle</i>, XcmsColor *<i>color_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XcmsCIELuvQueryMinL(XcmsCCC <i>ccc</i>, XcmsFloat
<i>hue_angle</i>, XcmsFloat <i>chroma</i>, XcmsColor
*<i>color_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ccc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the CCC. Note that the CCC&rsquo;s Client
White Point and White Point Adjustment procedures are
ignored.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>chroma</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the chroma at which to find maximum lightness
(MaxL) or minimum lightness (MinL).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>color_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the CIE L*u*v*
coordinates of maximum chroma (MaxC and MaxLC), maximum
lightness (MaxL), or minimum lightness (MinL) displayable by
the screen for the given hue angle and lightness (MaxC), hue
angle and chroma (MaxL and MinL), or hue angle (MaxLC). The
white point associated with the returned color specification
is the Screen White Point. The value returned in the pixel
member is undefined.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>hue_angle</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the hue angle (in degrees) at which to find
maximum chroma (MaxC and MaxLC), maximum lightness (MaxL),
or minimum lightness (MinL).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>L_star</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the lightness (L*) at which to find maximum
chroma (MaxC) or maximum lightness (MaxL).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC</i> function, given a hue angle and
lightness, finds the point of maximum chroma displayable by
the screen. It returns this point in CIE L*u*v*
coordinates.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxL</i> function, given a hue angle and
chroma, finds the point in CIE L*u*v* color space of maximum
lightness (L*) displayable by the screen. It returns this
point in CIE L*u*v* coordinates. An <i>XcmsFailure</i>
return value usually indicates that the given chroma is
beyond maximum for the given hue angle.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxLC</i> function, given a hue angle,
finds the point of maximum chroma displayable by the screen.
It returns this point in CIE L*u*v* coordinates.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XcmsCIELuvQueryMinL</i> function, given a hue angle and
chroma, finds the point of minimum lightness (L*)
displayable by the screen. It returns this point in CIE
L*u*v* coordinates. An <i>XcmsFailure</i> return value
usually indicates that the given chroma is beyond maximum
for the given hue angle.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxC.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsCIELabQueryMaxC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XcmsQueryBlack.3.xhtml"><em>XcmsQueryBlack</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
