<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:29:30 2012 -->
<title>XConfigureEvent</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XConfigureEvent</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XConfigureEvent
&minus; ConfigureNotify event structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The structure
for <i>ConfigureNotify</i> events contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int type;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* ConfigureNotify */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned long serial;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* # of last request processed by server */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool send_event;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* true if this came from a SendEvent request */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Display *display;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Display the event was read from */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Window event;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Window window;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int x, y;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int width, height;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int border_width;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Window above;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool override_redirect;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XConfigureEvent;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When you
receive this event, the structure members are set as
follows.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The type member
is set to the event type constant name that uniquely
identifies it. For example, when the X server reports a
<i>GraphicsExpose</i> event to a client application, it
sends an <i>XGraphicsExposeEvent</i> structure with the type
member set to <i>GraphicsExpose</i>. The display member is
set to a pointer to the display the event was read on. The
send_event member is set to <i>True</i> if the event came
from a <i>SendEvent</i> protocol request. The serial member
is set from the serial number reported in the protocol but
expanded from the 16-bit least-significant bits to a full
32-bit value. The window member is set to the window that is
most useful to toolkit dispatchers.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The event
member is set either to the reconfigured window or to its
parent, depending on whether <i>StructureNotify</i> or
<i>SubstructureNotify</i> was selected. The window member is
set to the window whose size, position, border, and/or
stacking order was changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The x and y
members are set to the coordinates relative to the parent
window&rsquo;s origin and indicate the position of the
upper-left outside corner of the window. The width and
height members are set to the inside size of the window, not
including the border. The border_width member is set to the
width of the window&rsquo;s border, in pixels.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The above
member is set to the sibling window and is used for stacking
operations. If the X server sets this member to <i>None</i>,
the window whose state was changed is on the bottom of the
stack with respect to sibling windows. However, if this
member is set to a sibling window, the window whose state
was changed is placed on top of this sibling window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
override_redirect member is set to the override-redirect
attribute of the window. Window manager clients normally
should ignore this window if the override_redirect member is
<i>True</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAnyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XAnyEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XButtonEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XButtonEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindowEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindowEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCirculateEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCirculateEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCirculateRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCirculateRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XColormapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XColormapEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XConfigureRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCrossingEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCrossingEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XDestroyWindowEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XDestroyWindowEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XErrorEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XErrorEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XExposeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XExposeEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XFocusChangeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XFocusChangeEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGraphicsExposeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XGraphicsExposeEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XGravityEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XGravityEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XKeymapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XKeymapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XMapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XMapEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XMapRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XMapRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XPropertyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XPropertyEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XReparentEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XReparentEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XResizeRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XResizeRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSelectionClearEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionClearEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSelectionEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSelectionRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XUnmapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XVisibilityEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XVisibilityEvent</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
