<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:24 2012 -->
<title>XCopyArea</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCopyArea</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XCopyArea,
XCopyPlane &minus; copy areas</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XCopyArea(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>src</i>, Drawable <i>dest</i>,
GC <i>gc</i>, int <i>src_x</i>, int <i>src_y</i>, unsigned
int <i>width</i>, unsigned <i>height</i>, int <i>dest_x</i>,
int <i>dest_y</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XCopyPlane(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>src</i>, Drawable <i>dest</i>,
GC <i>gc</i>, int <i>src_x</i>, int <i>src_y</i>, unsigned
<i>width</i>, int <i>height</i>, int <i>dest_x</i>, int
<i>dest_y</i>, unsigned long <i>plane</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dest_x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dest_y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates, which are relative to
the origin of the destination rectangle and specify its
upper-left corner.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the GC.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>plane</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the bit plane. You must set exactly one bit to
1.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>src</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dest</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the source and destination rectangles to be
combined.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>src_x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>src_y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates, which are relative to
the origin of the source rectangle and specify its
upper-left corner.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the width and height, which are the dimensions
of both the source and destination rectangles.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCopyArea</i> function combines the specified rectangle
of src with the specified rectangle of dest. The drawables
must have the same root and depth, or a <i>BadMatch</i>
error results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If regions of
the source rectangle are obscured and have not been retained
in backing store or if regions outside the boundaries of the
source drawable are specified, those regions are not copied.
Instead, the following occurs on all corresponding
destination regions that are either visible or are retained
in backing store. If the destination is a window with a
background other than <i>None</i>, corresponding regions of
the destination are tiled with that background (with
plane-mask of all ones and <i>GXcopy</i> function).
Regardless of tiling or whether the destination is a window
or a pixmap, if graphics-exposures is <i>True</i>, then
<i>GraphicsExpose</i> events for all corresponding
destination regions are generated. If graphics-exposures is
<i>True</i> but no <i>GraphicsExpose</i> events are
generated, a <i>NoExpose</i> event is generated. Note that
by default graphics-exposures is <i>True</i> in new GCs.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
uses these GC components: function, plane-mask,
subwindow-mode, graphics-exposures, clip-x-origin,
clip-y-origin, and clip-mask.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCopyArea</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadGC</i>, and
<i>BadMatch</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCopyPlane</i> function uses a single bit plane of the
specified source rectangle combined with the specified GC to
modify the specified rectangle of dest. The drawables must
have the same root but need not have the same depth. If the
drawables do not have the same root, a <i>BadMatch</i> error
results. If plane does not have exactly one bit set to 1 and
the value of plane is not less than %2 sup n%, where
<i>n</i> is the depth of src, a <i>BadValue</i> error
results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Effectively,
<i>XCopyPlane</i> forms a pixmap of the same depth as the
rectangle of dest and with a size specified by the source
region. It uses the foreground/background pixels in the GC
(foreground everywhere the bit plane in src contains a bit
set to 1, background everywhere the bit plane in src
contains a bit set to 0) and the equivalent of a
<i>CopyArea</i> protocol request is performed with all the
same exposure semantics. This can also be thought of as
using the specified region of the source bit plane as a
stipple with a fill-style of <i>FillOpaqueStippled</i> for
filling a rectangular area of the destination.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
uses these GC components: function, plane-mask, foreground,
background, subwindow-mode, graphics-exposures,
clip-x-origin, clip-y-origin, and clip-mask.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCopyPlane</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadGC</i>,
<i>BadMatch</i>, and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadGC</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a GContext argument does not name a defined
GContext.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as a Drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XClearArea.3.xhtml"><em>XClearArea</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
