<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:29 2012 -->
<title>XCreateFontCursor</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCreateFontCursor</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XCreateFontCursor,
XCreatePixmapCursor, XCreateGlyphCursor &minus; create
cursors</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/cursorfont.h&gt;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Cursor XCreateFontCursor(Display
*<i>display</i>, unsigned int <i>shape</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Cursor
XCreatePixmapCursor(Display *<i>display</i>, Pixmap
<i>source</i>, Pixmap <i>mask</i>, XColor
*<i>foreground_color</i>, XColor *<i>background_color</i>,
unsigned int <i>x</i>, unsigned int <i>y</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Cursor
XCreateGlyphCursor(Display *<i>display</i>, Font
<i>source_font</i>, Font <i>mask_font</i>, unsigned int
<i>source_char</i>, unsigned int <i>mask_char</i>, XColor
*<i>foreground_color</i>, XColor
*<i>background_color</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>background_color</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the RGB values for
the background of the source.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>foreground_color</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the RGB values for
the foreground of the source.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mask</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the cursor&rsquo;s source bits to be displayed
or <i>None</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mask_char</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the glyph character for the mask.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mask_font</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the font for the mask glyph or
<i>None</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>shape</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the shape of the cursor.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>source</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the shape of the source cursor.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>source_char</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the character glyph
for the source.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>source_font</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the font for the
source glyph.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates, which indicate the
hotspot relative to the source&rsquo;s origin.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">X provides a
set of standard cursor shapes in a special font named
cursor. Applications are encouraged to use this interface
for their cursors because the font can be customized for the
individual display type. The shape argument specifies which
glyph of the standard fonts to use.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The hotspot
comes from the information stored in the cursor font. The
initial colors of a cursor are a black foreground and a
white background (see <i>XRecolorCursor</i>).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCreateFontCursor</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCreatePixmapCursor</i> function creates a cursor and
returns the cursor ID associated with it. The foreground and
background RGB values must be specified using
foreground_color and background_color, even if the X server
only has a <i>StaticGray</i> or <i>GrayScale</i> screen. The
foreground color is used for the pixels set to 1 in the
source, and the background color is used for the pixels set
to 0. Both source and mask, if specified, must have depth
one (or a <i>BadMatch</i> error results) but can have any
root. The mask argument defines the shape of the cursor. The
pixels set to 1 in the mask define which source pixels are
displayed, and the pixels set to 0 define which pixels are
ignored. If no mask is given, all pixels of the source are
displayed. The mask, if present, must be the same size as
the pixmap defined by the source argument, or a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results. The hotspot must be a point
within the source, or a <i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The components
of the cursor can be transformed arbitrarily to meet display
limitations. The pixmaps can be freed immediately if no
further explicit references to them are to be made.
Subsequent drawing in the source or mask pixmap has an
undefined effect on the cursor. The X server might or might
not make a copy of the pixmap.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCreatePixmapCursor</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadPixmap</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCreateGlyphCursor</i> function is similar to
<i>XCreatePixmapCursor</i> except that the source and mask
bitmaps are obtained from the specified font glyphs. The
source_char must be a defined glyph in source_font, or a
<i>BadValue</i> error results. If mask_font is given,
mask_char must be a defined glyph in mask_font, or a
<i>BadValue</i> error results. The mask_font and character
are optional. The origins of the source_char and mask_char
(if defined) glyphs are positioned coincidently and define
the hotspot. The source_char and mask_char need not have the
same bounding box metrics, and there is no restriction on
the placement of the hotspot relative to the bounding boxes.
If no mask_char is given, all pixels of the source are
displayed. You can free the fonts immediately by calling
<i>XFreeFont</i> if no further explicit references to them
are to be made.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For 2-byte
matrix fonts, the 16-bit value should be formed with the
byte1 member in the most significant byte and the byte2
member in the least significant byte.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCreateGlyphCursor</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadFont</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadFont</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Font or GContext argument does not name a
defined Font.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadPixmap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Pixmap argument does not name a defined
Pixmap.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XDefineCursor.3.xhtml"><em>XDefineCursor</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XLoadFont.3.xhtml"><em>XLoadFont</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XRecolorCursor.3.xhtml"><em>XRecolorCursor</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
