<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:37 2012 -->
<title>XCreatePixmap</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCreatePixmap</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XCreatePixmap,
XFreePixmap &minus; create or destroy pixmaps</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Pixmap XCreatePixmap(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, unsigned int
<i>width</i>, unsigned int <i>height</i>, unsigned int
<i>depth</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFreePixmap(Display
*<i>display</i>, Pixmap <i>pixmap</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies which screen the pixmap is created on.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>depth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the depth of the pixmap.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>pixmap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the pixmap.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the width and height, which define the
dimensions of the pixmap.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCreatePixmap</i> function creates a pixmap of the width,
height, and depth you specified and returns a pixmap ID that
identifies it. It is valid to pass an <i>InputOnly</i>
window to the drawable argument. The width and height
arguments must be nonzero, or a <i>BadValue</i> error
results. The depth argument must be one of the depths
supported by the screen of the specified drawable, or a
<i>BadValue</i> error results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The server uses
the specified drawable to determine on which screen to
create the pixmap. The pixmap can be used only on this
screen and only with other drawables of the same depth (see
<i>XCopyPlane</i> for an exception to this rule). The
initial contents of the pixmap are undefined.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCreatePixmap</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadDrawable</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreePixmap</i> function first deletes the association
between the pixmap ID and the pixmap. Then, the X server
frees the pixmap storage when there are no references to it.
The pixmap should never be referenced again.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFreePixmap</i>
can generate a <i>BadPixmap</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadPixmap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Pixmap argument does not name a defined
Pixmap.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCopyArea.3.xhtml"><em>XCopyArea</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
