<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:59 2012 -->
<title>XCreateColormap</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCreateColormap</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XCreateColormap,
XCopyColormapAndFree, XFreeColormap, XColor &minus; create,
copy, or destroy colormaps and color structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Colormap XCreateColormap(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, Visual *<i>visual</i>, int
<i>alloc</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Colormap
XCopyColormapAndFree(Display *<i>display</i>, Colormap
<i>colormap</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFreeColormap(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>alloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap entries to be allocated. You can
pass <i>AllocNone</i> or <i>AllocAll</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap that you want to create, copy,
set, or destroy.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>visual</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a visual type supported on the screen. If the
visual type is not one supported by the screen, a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window on whose screen you want to create
a colormap.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCreateColormap</i> function creates a colormap of the
specified visual type for the screen on which the specified
window resides and returns the colormap ID associated with
it. Note that the specified window is only used to determine
the screen.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The initial
values of the colormap entries are undefined for the visual
classes <i>GrayScale</i>, <i>PseudoColor</i>, and
<i>DirectColor</i>. For <i>StaticGray</i>,
<i>StaticColor</i>, and <i>TrueColor</i>, the entries have
defined values, but those values are specific to the visual
and are not defined by X. For <i>StaticGray</i>,
<i>StaticColor</i>, and <i>TrueColor</i>, alloc must be
<i>AllocNone</i>, or a <i>BadMatch</i> error results. For
the other visual classes, if alloc is <i>AllocNone</i>, the
colormap initially has no allocated entries, and clients can
allocate them. For information about the visual types, see
section 3.1.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If alloc is
<i>AllocAll</i>, the entire colormap is allocated writable.
The initial values of all allocated entries are undefined.
For <i>GrayScale</i> and <i>PseudoColor</i>, the effect is
as if an <i>XAllocColorCells</i> call returned all pixel
values from zero to N &minus; 1, where N is the colormap
entries value in the specified visual. For
<i>DirectColor</i>, the effect is as if an
<i>XAllocColorPlanes</i> call returned a pixel value of zero
and red_mask, green_mask, and blue_mask values containing
the same bits as the corresponding masks in the specified
visual. However, in all cases, none of these entries can be
freed by using <i>XFreeColors</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCreateColormap</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadMatch</i>,
<i>BadValue</i>, and <i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCopyColormapAndFree</i> function creates a colormap of
the same visual type and for the same screen as the
specified colormap and returns the new colormap ID. It also
moves all of the client&rsquo;s existing allocation from the
specified colormap to the new colormap with their color
values intact and their read-only or writable
characteristics intact and frees those entries in the
specified colormap. Color values in other entries in the new
colormap are undefined. If the specified colormap was
created by the client with alloc set to <i>AllocAll</i>, the
new colormap is also created with <i>AllocAll</i>, all color
values for all entries are copied from the specified
colormap, and then all entries in the specified colormap are
freed. If the specified colormap was not created by the
client with <i>AllocAll</i>, the allocations to be moved are
all those pixels and planes that have been allocated by the
client using <i>XAllocColor</i>, <i>XAllocNamedColor</i>,
<i>XAllocColorCells</i>, or <i>XAllocColorPlanes</i> and
that have not been freed since they were allocated.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCopyColormapAndFree</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadColor</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreeColormap</i> function deletes the association
between the colormap resource ID and the colormap and frees
the colormap storage. However, this function has no effect
on the default colormap for a screen. If the specified
colormap is an installed map for a screen, it is uninstalled
(see <i>XUninstallColormap</i>). If the specified colormap
is defined as the colormap for a window (by
<i>XCreateWindow</i>, <i>XSetWindowColormap</i>, or
<i>XChangeWindowAttributes</i>), <i>XFreeColormap</i>
changes the colormap associated with the window to
<i>None</i> and generates a <i>ColormapNotify</i> event. X
does not define the colors displayed for a window with a
colormap of <i>None</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFreeColormap</i>
can generate a <i>BadColor</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XColor</i> structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="30%"></col>
<col width="62%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned long pixel;/* pixel value */</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned short red, green, blue;/* rgb values */</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char flags;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* DoRed, DoGreen, DoBlue */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char pad;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XColor;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The red, green,
and blue values are always in the range 0 to 65535
inclusive, independent of the number of bits actually used
in the display hardware. The server scales these values down
to the range used by the hardware. Black is represented by
(0,0,0), and white is represented by (65535,65535,65535). In
some functions, the flags member controls which of the red,
green, and blue members is used and can be the inclusive OR
of zero or more of <i>DoRed</i>, <i>DoGreen</i>, and
<i>DoBlue</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadColor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Colormap argument does not name a defined
Colormap.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as a Drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocColor.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocColor</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeWindowAttributes</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindow</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XQueryColor.3.xhtml"><em>XQueryColor</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XStoreColors.3.xhtml"><em>XStoreColors</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
