<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:41:28 2012 -->
<title>XCrossingEvent</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCrossingEvent</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XCrossingEvent
&minus; EnterNotify and LeaveNotify event structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The structure
for <i>EnterNotify</i> and <i>LeaveNotify</i> events
contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int type;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* EnterNotify or LeaveNotify */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned long serial;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* # of last request processed by server */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool send_event;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* true if this came from a SendEvent request */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Display *display;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Display the event was read from */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Window window;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* &lsquo;&lsquo;event&rsquo;&rsquo; window reported
relative to */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Window root;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* root window that the event occurred on */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Window subwindow;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* child window */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Time time;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* milliseconds */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int x, y;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* pointer x, y coordinates in event window */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int x_root, y_root;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* coordinates relative to root */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int mode;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* NotifyNormal, NotifyGrab, NotifyUngrab */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int detail;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>


<p>/*</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>


<p>* NotifyAncestor, NotifyVirtual, NotifyInferior,</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>


<p>* NotifyNonlinear,NotifyNonlinearVirtual</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>


<p>*/</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool same_screen;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* same screen flag */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool focus;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* boolean focus */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int state;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* key or button mask */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XCrossingEvent; <br/>
typedef XCrossingEvent XEnterWindowEvent; <br/>
typedef XCrossingEvent XLeaveWindowEvent;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When you
receive these events, the structure members are set as
follows.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The type member
is set to the event type constant name that uniquely
identifies it. For example, when the X server reports a
<i>GraphicsExpose</i> event to a client application, it
sends an <i>XGraphicsExposeEvent</i> structure with the type
member set to <i>GraphicsExpose</i>. The display member is
set to a pointer to the display the event was read on. The
send_event member is set to <i>True</i> if the event came
from a <i>SendEvent</i> protocol request. The serial member
is set from the serial number reported in the protocol but
expanded from the 16-bit least-significant bits to a full
32-bit value. The window member is set to the window that is
most useful to toolkit dispatchers.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The window
member is set to the window on which the <i>EnterNotify</i>
or <i>LeaveNotify</i> event was generated and is referred to
as the event window. This is the window used by the X server
to report the event, and is relative to the root window on
which the event occurred. The root member is set to the root
window of the screen on which the event occurred.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For a
<i>LeaveNotify</i> event, if a child of the event window
contains the initial position of the pointer, the subwindow
component is set to that child. Otherwise, the X server sets
the subwindow member to <i>None</i>. For an
<i>EnterNotify</i> event, if a child of the event window
contains the final pointer position, the subwindow component
is set to that child or <i>None</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The time member
is set to the time when the event was generated and is
expressed in milliseconds. The x and y members are set to
the coordinates of the pointer position in the event window.
This position is always the pointer&rsquo;s final position,
not its initial position. If the event window is on the same
screen as the root window, x and y are the pointer
coordinates relative to the event window&rsquo;s origin.
Otherwise, x and y are set to zero. The x_root and y_root
members are set to the pointer&rsquo;s coordinates relative
to the root window&rsquo;s origin at the time of the
event.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The same_screen
member is set to indicate whether the event window is on the
same screen as the root window and can be either <i>True</i>
or <i>False</i>. If <i>True</i>, the event and root windows
are on the same screen. If <i>False</i>, the event and root
windows are not on the same screen.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The focus
member is set to indicate whether the event window is the
focus window or an inferior of the focus window. The X
server can set this member to either <i>True</i> or
<i>False</i>. If <i>True</i>, the event window is the focus
window or an inferior of the focus window. If <i>False</i>,
the event window is not the focus window or an inferior of
the focus window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The state
member is set to indicate the state of the pointer buttons
and modifier keys just prior to the event. The X server can
set this member to the bitwise inclusive OR of one or more
of the button or modifier key masks: <i>Button1Mask</i>,
<i>Button2Mask</i>, <i>Button3Mask</i>, <i>Button4Mask</i>,
<i>Button5Mask</i>, <i>ShiftMask</i>, <i>LockMask</i>,
<i>ControlMask</i>, <i>Mod1Mask</i>, <i>Mod2Mask</i>,
<i>Mod3Mask</i>, <i>Mod4Mask</i>, <i>Mod5Mask</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The mode member
is set to indicate whether the events are normal events,
pseudo-motion events when a grab activates, or pseudo-motion
events when a grab deactivates. The X server can set this
member to <i>NotifyNormal</i>, <i>NotifyGrab</i>, or
<i>NotifyUngrab</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The detail
member is set to indicate the notify detail and can be
<i>NotifyAncestor</i>, <i>NotifyVirtual</i>,
<i>NotifyInferior</i>, <i>NotifyNonlinear</i>, or
<i>NotifyNonlinearVirtual</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAnyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XAnyEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XButtonEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XButtonEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindowEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindowEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCirculateEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCirculateEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCirculateRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCirculateRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XColormapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XColormapEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XConfigureEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XConfigureRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XDestroyWindowEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XDestroyWindowEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XErrorEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XErrorEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XExposeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XExposeEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XFocusChangeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XFocusChangeEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGraphicsExposeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XGraphicsExposeEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XGravityEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XGravityEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XKeymapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XKeymapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XMapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XMapEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XMapRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XMapRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XPropertyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XPropertyEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XReparentEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XReparentEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XResizeRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XResizeRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSelectionClearEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionClearEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSelectionEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSelectionRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XUnmapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XVisibilityEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XVisibilityEvent</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
