<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:29 2012 -->
<title>XCURSOR</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCURSOR</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DATATYPES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">FUNCTIONS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">RESTRICTIONS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading9">AUTHOR</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XCURSOR &minus;
Cursor management library</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/Xcursor/Xcursor.h&gt;</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Xcursor</b>
is a simple library designed to help locate and load
cursors. Cursors can be loaded from files or memory. A
library of common cursors exists which map to the standard X
cursor names. Cursors can exist in several sizes and the
library automatically picks the best size.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xcursor is
built in a couple of layers; at the bottom layer is code
which can load cursor images from files. Above that is a
layer which locates cursor files based on the library path
and theme. At the top is a layer which builds cursors either
out of an image loaded from a file or one of the standard X
cursors. When using images loaded from files, Xcursor
prefers to use the Render extension CreateCursor request if
supported by the X server. Where not supported, Xcursor maps
the cursor image to a standard X cursor and uses the core
CreateCursor request.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>CURSOR
FILES</b> <br/>
Xcursor defines a new format for cursors on disk. Each file
holds one or more cursor images. Each cursor image is tagged
with a nominal size so that the best size can be selected
automatically. Multiple cursors of the same nominal size can
be loaded together; applications are expected to use them as
an animated sequence.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Cursor files
are stored as a header containing a table of contents
followed by a sequence of chunks. The table of contents
indicates the type, subtype and position in the file of each
chunk. The file header looks like:</p>

<p style="margin-left:14%; margin-top: 1em"><i>magic</i>:
CARD32 &rsquo;Xcur&rsquo; (0x58, 0x63, 0x75, 0x72) <i><br/>
header</i>: CARD32 bytes in this header <i><br/>
version</i>: CARD32 file version number <i><br/>
ntoc</i>: CARD32 number of toc entries <i><br/>
toc</i>: LISTofTOC table of contents</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each table of
contents entry looks like:</p>

<p style="margin-left:14%; margin-top: 1em"><i>type</i>:
CARD32 entry type <i><br/>
subtype</i>: CARD32 type-specific label - size for images
<i><br/>
position</i>: CARD32 absolute byte position of table in
file</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each chunk in
the file has set of common header fields followed by
additional type-specific fields:</p>

<p style="margin-left:14%; margin-top: 1em"><i>header</i>:
CARD32 bytes in chunk header (including type-specific
fields) <i><br/>
type</i>: CARD32 must match type in TOC for this chunk
<i><br/>
subtype</i>: CARD32 must match subtype in TOC for this chunk
<i><br/>
version</i>: CARD32 version number for this chunk type</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">There are
currently two chunk types defined for cursor files; comments
and images. Comments look like:</p>

<p style="margin-left:14%; margin-top: 1em"><i>header</i>:
20 Comment headers are 20 bytes <i><br/>
type</i>: 0xfffe0001 Comment type is 0xfffe0001 <i><br/>
subtype</i>: { 1 (COPYRIGHT), 2 (LICENSE), 3 (OTHER) }
<i><br/>
version</i>: 1 <i><br/>
length</i>: CARD32 byte length of UTF-8 string <i><br/>
string</i>: LISTofCARD8 UTF-8 string</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Images look
like:</p>

<p style="margin-left:14%; margin-top: 1em"><i>header</i>:
36 Image headers are 36 bytes <i><br/>
type</i>: 0xfffd0002 Image type is 0xfffd0002 <i><br/>
subtype</i>: CARD32 Image subtype is the nominal size
<i><br/>
version</i>: 1 <i><br/>
width</i>: CARD32 Must be less than or equal to 0x7fff
<i><br/>
height</i>: CARD32 Must be less than or equal to 0x7fff
<i><br/>
xhot</i>: CARD32 Must be less than or equal to width
<i><br/>
yhot</i>: CARD32 Must be less than or equal to height
<i><br/>
delay</i>: CARD32 Delay between animation frames in
milliseconds <i><br/>
pixels</i>: LISTofCARD32 Packed ARGB format pixels</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>THEMES</b>
<br/>
Xcursor (mostly) follows the freedesktop.org spec for
theming icons. The default search path it uses is ~/.icons,
/usr/share/icons,
/usr/share/pixmaps. Within each of
these directories, it searches for a directory using the
theme name. Within the theme directory, it looks for cursor
files in the &rsquo;cursors&rsquo; subdirectory. It uses the
first cursor file found along the path.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If necessary,
Xcursor also looks for a &quot;index.theme&quot; file in
each theme directory to find inherited themes and searches
along the path for those themes as well.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If no theme is
set, or if no cursor is found for the specified theme,
Xcursor checks the &quot;default&quot; theme.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DATATYPES
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XcursorImage</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">holds a single cursor image in
memory. Each pixel in the cursor is a 32-bit value
containing ARGB with A in the high byte.</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XcursorImage {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="34%"></col>
<col width="-26%"></col>
<col width="23%" class="center"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>XcursorDim</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>size;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; nominal size for matching */ <br/>
XcursorDim</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>width;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; actual width */ <br/>
XcursorDim</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>height;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; actual height */ <br/>
XcursorDim</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>xhot;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; hot spot x (must be inside image) */ <br/>
XcursorDim</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>yhot; /&lowast; hot spot y (must be inside image) */</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">XcursorPixel *pixels; /&lowast;
pointer to pixels */ <br/>
} XcursorImage;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>XcursorImages</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">holds multiple XcursorImage
structures. They&rsquo;re all freed when the XcursorImages
is freed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XcursorImages {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="34%"></col>
<col width="-26%"></col>
<col width="46%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>int nimage;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; number of images */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">XcursorImage **images;
/&lowast; array of XcursorImage pointers */ <br/>
} XcursorImages;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>XcursorCursors</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Holds multiple Cursor objects.
They&rsquo;re all freed when the XcursorCursors is freed.
These are reference counted so that multiple XcursorAnimate
structures can use the same XcursorCursors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XcursorCursors {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="34%"></col>
<col width="-26%"></col>
<col width="15%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="7%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>Display *dpy;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; Display holding cursors */ <br/>
int</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>ref;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; reference count */ <br/>
int</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>ncursor;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; number of cursors */ <br/>
Cursor</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>*cursors;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; array of cursors */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">} XcursorCursors;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>XcursorAnimate</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">References a set of cursors and
a sequence within that set. Multiple XcursorAnimate
structures may reference the same XcursorCursors; each holds
a reference which is removed when the XcursorAnimate is
freed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XcursorAnimate { <br/>
XcursorCursors *cursors; /&lowast; list of cursors to use
*/</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="34%"></col>
<col width="-26%"></col>
<col width="15%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="62%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>int</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>sequence; /&lowast; which cursor is next */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">} XcursorAnimate;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>XcursorFile</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Xcursor provides an abstract
API for accessing the file data. Xcursor provides a stdio
implementation of this abstract API; applications are free
to create additional implementations. These functions
parallel the stdio functions in return value and expected
argument values; the read and write functions flip the
arguments around to match the POSIX versions.</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XcursorFile {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="34%"></col>
<col width="-26%"></col>
<col width="15%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="69%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>void</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>*closure; <br/>
int</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>(*read) (XcursorFile *file, unsigned char *buf, int
len); <br/>
int</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>(*write) (XcursorFile *file, unsigned char *buf, int
len); <br/>
int</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>(*seek) (XcursorFile *file, long offset, int
whence);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">};</p>

<h2 id="heading6">FUNCTIONS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Object
Management</b> <br/>
XcursorImage *XcursorImageCreate (int width, int height)
<br/>
void XcursorImageDestroy (XcursorImage *image)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Allocate and free images. On
allocation, the hotspot and the pixels are left
uninitialized. The size is set to the maximum of width and
height.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XcursorImages
*XcursorImagesCreate (int size) <br/>
void XcursorImagesDestroy (XcursorImages *images)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Allocate and free arrays to
hold multiple cursor images. On allocation, nimage is set to
zero.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XcursorCursors
*XcursorCursorsCreate (Display *dpy, int size) <br/>
void XcursorCursorsDestroy (XcursorCursors *cursors)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Allocate and free arrays to
hold multiple cursors. On allocation, ncursor is set to
zero, ref is set to one.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Reading and
writing images.</b> <br/>
XcursorImage *XcursorXcFileLoadImage (XcursorFile *file, int
size) <br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorXcFileLoadImages (XcursorFile *file,
int size) <br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorXcFileLoadAllImages (XcursorFile
*file) <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorXcFileLoad (XcursorFile *file,
XcursorComments <br/>
**commentsp, XcursorImages **imagesp) <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorXcFileSave (XcursorFile *file, const
XcursorComments <br/>
*comments, const XcursorImages *images)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These read and write cursors
from an XcursorFile handle. After reading, the file pointer
will be left at some random place in the file.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XcursorImage
*XcursorFileLoadImage (FILE *file, int size) <br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorFileLoadImages (FILE *file, int size)
<br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorFileLoadAllImages (FILE *file) <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorFileLoad (FILE *file, XcursorComments
**commentsp, <br/>
XcursorImages **imagesp) <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorFileSaveImages (FILE *file, const
XcursorImages <br/>
*images) <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorFileSave (FILE * file, const
XcursorComments <br/>
*comments, const XcursorImages *images)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These read and write cursors
from a stdio FILE handle. Writing flushes before returning
so that any errors should be detected.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XcursorImage
*XcursorFilenameLoadImage (const char *filename, int size)
<br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorFilenameLoadImages (const char
*filename, int <br/>
size) <br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorFilenameLoadAllImages (FILE *file)
<br/>
XcursorBool XcursorFilenameLoad (const char *file,
XcursorComments <br/>
**commentsp, XcursorImages **imagesp) <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorFilenameSaveImages (const char *filename,
const <br/>
XcursorImages *images) <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorFilenameSave (const char *file, const
<br/>
XcursorComments *comments, const XcursorImages *images)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These parallel the stdio FILE
interfaces above, but take filenames.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Reading
library images</b> <br/>
XcursorImage *XcursorLibraryLoadImage (const char *name,
const char <br/>
*theme, int size) <br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorLibraryLoadImages (const char *name,
const char <br/>
*theme, int size)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These search the library path,
loading the first file found. If &rsquo;theme&rsquo; is not
NULL, these functions first try appending -theme to name and
then name alone.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Cursor
APIs</b> <br/>
Cursor XcursorFilenameLoadCursor (Display *dpy, const char
*file) <br/>
XcursorCursors *XcursorFilenameLoadCursors (Display *dpy,
const char <br/>
*file)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These load cursors from the
specified file.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">Cursor XcursorLibraryLoadCursor
(Display *dpy, const char *name) <br/>
XcursorCursors *XcursorLibraryLoadCursors (Display *dpy,
const char <br/>
*name)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These load cursors using the
specified library name. The theme comes from the
display.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>X Cursor
Name APIs</b> <br/>
XcursorImage *XcursorShapeLoadImage (unsigned int shape,
const char <br/>
*theme, int size) <br/>
XcursorImages *XcursorShapeLoadImages (unsigned int shape,
const char <br/>
*theme, int size)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These map &rsquo;shape&rsquo;
to a library name using the standard X cursor names and then
load the images.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">Cursor XcursorShapeLoadCursor
(Display *dpy, unsigned int shape) <br/>
XcursorCursors *XcursorShapeLoadCursors (Display *dpy,
unsigned int <br/>
shape)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">These map &rsquo;shape&rsquo;
to a library name and then load the cursors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Display
Information APIs</b> <br/>
XcursorBool XcursorSupportsARGB (Display *dpy)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Returns whether the display
supports ARGB cursors or whether cursors will be mapped to a
core X cursor.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XcursorBool
XcursorSetDefaultSize (Display *dpy, int size)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Sets the default size for
cursors on the specified display. When loading cursors,
those whose nominal size is closest to this size will be
preferred.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">int XcursorGetDefaultSize
(Display *dpy)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Gets the default cursor
size.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XcursorBool XcursorSetTheme
(Display *dpy, const char *theme)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Sets the current theme
name.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">char *XcursorGetTheme (Display
*dpy)</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Gets the current theme
name.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="18%"></col>
<col width="5%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XCURSOR_PATH</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">This variable sets the list of
paths to look for cursors in. Directories in this path are
separated by colons (:).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading8">RESTRICTIONS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Xcursor</b>
will probably change radically in the future; weak attempts
will be made to retain some level of source-file
compatibility.</p>

<h2 id="heading9">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Keith
Packard</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
