<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:02 2012 -->
<title>XdbeSwapBuffers</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XdbeSwapBuffers</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XdbeSwapBuffers
- swaps front and back DBE buffers.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xdbe.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XdbeSwapBuffers( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
XdbeSwapInfo *swap_info, <br/>
int num_windows)</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
swaps the front and back buffers for a list of windows. The
argument <i>num_windows</i> specifies how many windows are
to have their buffers swapped; it is the number of elements
in the <i>swap_info</i> array. The argument <i>swap_info</i>
specifies the information needed per window to do the
swap.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XdbeSwapInfo</i> structure has the following fields:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Window
swap_window <br/>
XdbeSwapAction swap_action</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>swap_window</i>
specifies the window for which to swap buffers.
<i>swap_action</i> specifies the swap action to use for this
<i>swap_window.</i></p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>swap_action</i>
determines what will happen to the new back buffer of the
<i>swap_window</i> it is paired with in the list in addition
to making the old back buffer become visible. The defined
actions are as follows: <br/>
XdbeUndefined</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">The contents of the new back
buffer become undefined. This may be the most efficient
action since it allows the implementation to discard the
contents of the buffer if it needs to.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XdbeBackground</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">The unobscured region of the
new back buffer will be tiled with the window background.
The background action allows devices to use a fast clear
capability during a swap.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XdbeUntouched</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">The unobscured region of the
new back buffer will be unmodified by the swap.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XdbeCopied</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">The unobscured region of the
new back buffer will be the contents of the old back
buffer</p>

<h2 id="heading4">ERRORS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">BadMatch</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">A non-double-buffered window
was specified or a window was specified twice.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">BadWindow</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">An invalid window was
specified.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">BadValue</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">An invalid swap action was
specified.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DBE,
<i>XdbeAllocateBackBufferName(), XdbeBeginIdiom(),
XdbeDeallocateBackBufferName(), XdbeEndIdiom(),
XdbeFreeVisualInfo(), XdbeGetBackBufferAttributes(),
XdbeGetVisualInfo(), XdbeQueryExtension().</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
