<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:55 2012 -->
<title>XdbeGetVisualInfo</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XdbeGetVisualInfo</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XdbeGetVisualInfo
- Get dbe Visual Informations</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xdbe.h&gt;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XdbeScreenVisualInfo
*XdbeGetVisualInfo( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Drawable *screen_specifiers, <br/>
int *num_screens)</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
returns information about which visuals support double
buffering. The argument <i>num_screens</i> specifies how
many elements there are in the <i>screen_specifiers</i>
list. Each drawable in <i>screen_specifiers</i> designates a
screen for which the supported visuals are being requested.
If <i>num_screens</i> is zero, information for all screens
is requested. In this case, upon return from this function,
<i>num_screens</i> will be set to the number of screens that
were found. If an error occurs, this function returns NULL,
else it returns a pointer to a list of
<i>XdbeScreenVisualInfo</i> structures of length
<i>num_screens.</i> The nth element in the returned list
corresponds to the nth drawable in the
<i>screen_specifiers</i> list, unless <i>num_screens</i> was
passed in with the value zero, in which case the nth element
in the returned list corresponds to the nth screen of the
server, starting with screen zero. The
<i>XdbeScreenVisualInfo</i> structure has the following
fields:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int count <br/>
XdbeVisualInfo *visinfo</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>count</i>
specifies the number of items in <i>visinfo. visinfo</i>
specifies a list of visuals, depths, and performance hints
for this screen.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XdbeVisualInfo</i> structure has the following
fields:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">VisualID visual
<br/>
int depth <br/>
int perflevel</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>visual</i>
specifies one visual ID that supports double-buffering.
<i>depth</i> specifies the depth of the visual.
<i>perflevel</i> is a performance hint.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The only
operation defined on a <i>perflevel</i> is comparison to a
<i>perflevel</i> of another visual on the same screen. The
visual having the higher <i>perflevel</i> is likely to have
better double-buffering graphics performance than the visual
having the lower <i>perflevel.</i> Nothing can be deduced
from the following: the magnitude of the difference of two
<i>perflevels,</i> a <i>perflevel</i> value in isolation, or
comparing <i>perflevels</i> from different servers.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">BadDrawable</p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">One or more values passed in
<i>screen_specifiers</i> is not a valid drawable.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DBE,
<i>XdbeAllocateBackBufferName(), XdbeBeginIdiom(),
XdbeDeallocateBackBufferName(), XdbeEndIdiom(),
XdbeFreeVisualInfo(), XdbeGetBackBufferAttributes(),
XdbeQueryExtension(), XdbeSwapBuffers().</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
