<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:37:22 2012 -->
<title>XDestroyWindow</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XDestroyWindow</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDestroyWindow,
XDestroySubwindows &minus; destroy windows</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="78%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDestroyWindow(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDestroySubwindows(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDestroyWindow</i> function destroys the specified window
as well as all of its subwindows and causes the X server to
generate a <i>DestroyNotify</i> event for each window. The
window should never be referenced again. If the window
specified by the w argument is mapped, it is unmapped
automatically. The ordering of the <i>DestroyNotify</i>
events is such that for any given window being destroyed,
<i>DestroyNotify</i> is generated on any inferiors of the
window before being generated on the window itself. The
ordering among siblings and across subhierarchies is not
otherwise constrained. If the window you specified is a root
window, no windows are destroyed. Destroying a mapped window
will generate <i>Expose</i> events on other windows that
were obscured by the window being destroyed.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XDestroyWindow</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDestroySubwindows</i> function destroys all inferior
windows of the specified window, in bottom-to-top stacking
order. It causes the X server to generate a
<i>DestroyNotify</i> event for each window. If any mapped
subwindows were actually destroyed,
<i>XDestroySubwindows</i> causes the X server to generate
<i>Expose</i> events on the specified window. This is much
more efficient than deleting many windows one at a time
because much of the work need be performed only once for all
of the windows, rather than for each window. The subwindows
should never be referenced again.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XDestroySubwindows</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for a Window argument
does not name a defined Window.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeWindowAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XConfigureWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XMapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XMapWindow</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XRaiseWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XRaiseWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XUnmapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapWindow</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
