<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:36 2012 -->
<title>XDEVICEBELL</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XDEVICEBELL</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDeviceBell
&minus; ring a bell on a device supported through the input
extension</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XDeviceBell( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
XID feedbackclass, <br/>
XID feedbackid, <br/>
int percent); <br/>
display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device with which the bell is associated.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">feedbackclass
<br/>
Specifies the class of the feedback with which the bell
<br/>
is associated.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">feedbackid
<br/>
Specifies the id of the feedback with which the bell is
<br/>
associated.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">percent <br/>
Specifies the volume in the range &minus;100 to 100 at which
<br/>
the bell should be rung.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The XDeviceBell
request causes the server to ring a bell on the <br/>
specified feedback of the specified device, if possible. The
<br/>
specified volume is relative to the base volume for the
bell. <br/>
If an invalid device is specified, a BadDevice error will be
<br/>
returned. The feedbackclass and feedbackid parameters
contain <br/>
values returned by an XGetFeedbackControl request and
uniquely <br/>
identify the bell to ring. If a feedbackclass is specified
that <br/>
does not support a bell, or if a nonexistent feedbackid is
<br/>
specified, or a percent value is specified that is not in
the <br/>
range &minus;100 to 100, a BadValue error will be
returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The volume at
which the bell is rung when the percent argument <br/>
is nonnegative is: base &minus; [(base * percent) / 100] +
percent</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The volume at
which the bell rings when the percent argument is <br/>
negative is: base + [(base * percent) / 100]</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">To change the
base volume of the bell, use <br/>
XChangeFeedbackControl.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XDeviceBell can
generate a BadDevice or a BadValue error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist, or has not been opened by this client <br/>
via XOpenInputDevice.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
An invalid feedbackclass, feedbackid, or percent value <br/>
was specified.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeFeedbackControl.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeFeedbackControl</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XBell.3.xhtml"><em>XBell</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
