<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:16 2012 -->
<title>XDrawLine</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XDrawLine</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDrawLine,
XDrawLines, XDrawSegments, XSegment &minus; draw lines,
polygons, and line structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDrawLine(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int
<i>x1</i>, int <i>y1</i>, int <i>x2</i>, int <i>y2</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDrawLines(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, XPoint
*<i>points</i>, int <i>npoints</i>, int <i>mode</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDrawSegments(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, XSegment
*<i>segments</i>, int <i>nsegments</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the GC.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the coordinate mode. You can pass
<i>CoordModeOrigin</i> or <i>CoordModePrevious</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>npoints</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of points in the array.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>nsegments</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of segments in the array.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>points</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an array of points.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>segments</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an array of segments.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x1</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y1</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x2</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y2</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the points (x1, y1) and (x2, y2) to be
connected.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDrawLine</i> function uses the components of the
specified GC to draw a line between the specified set of
points (x1, y1) and (x2, y2). It does not perform joining at
coincident endpoints. For any given line, <i>XDrawLine</i>
does not draw a pixel more than once. If lines intersect,
the intersecting pixels are drawn multiple times.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDrawLines</i> function uses the components of the
specified GC to draw npoints&minus;1 lines between each pair
of points (point[i], point[i+1]) in the array of
<i>XPoint</i> structures. It draws the lines in the order
listed in the array. The lines join correctly at all
intermediate points, and if the first and last points
coincide, the first and last lines also join correctly. For
any given line, <i>XDrawLines</i> does not draw a pixel more
than once. If thin (zero line-width) lines intersect, the
intersecting pixels are drawn multiple times. If wide lines
intersect, the intersecting pixels are drawn only once, as
though the entire <i>PolyLine</i> protocol request were a
single, filled shape. <i>CoordModeOrigin</i> treats all
coordinates as relative to the origin, and
<i>CoordModePrevious</i> treats all coordinates after the
first as relative to the previous point.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDrawSegments</i> function draws multiple, unconnected
lines. For each segment, <i>XDrawSegments</i> draws a line
between (x1, y1) and (x2, y2). It draws the lines in the
order listed in the array of <i>XSegment</i> structures and
does not perform joining at coincident endpoints. For any
given line, <i>XDrawSegments</i> does not draw a pixel more
than once. If lines intersect, the intersecting pixels are
drawn multiple times.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">All three
functions use these GC components: function, plane-mask,
line-width, line-style, cap-style, fill-style,
subwindow-mode, clip-x-origin, clip-y-origin, and clip-mask.
The <i>XDrawLines</i> function also uses the join-style GC
component. All three functions also use these GC
mode-dependent components: foreground, background, tile,
stipple, tile-stipple-x-origin, tile-stipple-y-origin,
dash-offset, and dash-list.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XDrawLine</i>,
<i>XDrawLines</i>, and <i>XDrawSegments</i> can generate
<i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadGC</i>, and <i>BadMatch</i>
errors. <i>XDrawLines</i> can also generate a
<i>BadValue</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSegment</i> structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="92%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>short x1, y1, x2, y2;</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XSegment;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">All x and y
members are signed integers. The width and height members
are 16-bit unsigned integers. You should be careful not to
generate coordinates and sizes out of the 16-bit ranges,
because the protocol only has 16-bit fields for these
values.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadGC</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a GContext argument does not name a defined
GContext.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as a Drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XDrawArc.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawArc</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XDrawPoint.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawPoint</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XDrawRectangle.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawRectangle</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
