<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:23 2012 -->
<title>XDrawText</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XDrawText</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDrawText,
XDrawText16, XTextItem, XTextItem16 &minus; draw polytext
text and text drawing structures</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDrawText(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int
<i>x</i>, int <i>y</i>, XTextItem *<i>items</i>, int
<i>nitems</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDrawText16(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int
<i>x</i>, int <i>y</i>, XTextItem16 *<i>items</i>, int
<i>nitems</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the GC.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>items</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an array of text items.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>nitems</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of text items in the array.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates, which are relative to
the origin of the specified drawable and define the origin
of the first character.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDrawText16</i> function is similar to <i>XDrawText</i>
except that it uses 2-byte or 16-bit characters. Both
functions allow complex spacing and font shifts between
counted strings.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each text item
is processed in turn. A font member other than <i>None</i>
in an item causes the font to be stored in the GC and used
for subsequent text. A text element delta specifies an
additional change in the position along the x axis before
the string is drawn. The delta is always added to the
character origin and is not dependent on any characteristics
of the font. Each character image, as defined by the font in
the GC, is treated as an additional mask for a fill
operation on the drawable. The drawable is modified only
where the font character has a bit set to 1. If a text item
generates a <i>BadFont</i> error, the previous text items
may have been drawn.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For fonts
defined with linear indexing rather than 2-byte matrix
indexing, each <i>XChar2b</i> structure is interpreted as a
16-bit number with byte1 as the most significant byte.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Both functions
use these GC components: function, plane-mask, fill-style,
font, subwindow-mode, clip-x-origin, clip-y-origin, and
clip-mask. They also use these GC mode-dependent components:
foreground, background, tile, stipple,
tile-stipple-x-origin, and tile-stipple-y-origin.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XDrawText</i>
and <i>XDrawText16</i> can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>,
<i>BadFont</i>, <i>BadGC</i>, and <i>BadMatch</i>
errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XTextItem</i> and <i>XTextItem16</i> structures
contain:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *chars;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* pointer to string */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int nchars;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* number of characters */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int delta;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* delta between strings */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Font font;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Font to print it in, None don&rsquo;t change */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XTextItem;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XChar2b *chars;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* pointer to two-byte characters */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int nchars;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* number of characters */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int delta;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* delta between strings */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Font font;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* font to print it in, None don&rsquo;t change */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XTextItem16;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the font
member is not <i>None</i>, the font is changed before
printing and also is stored in the GC. If an error was
generated during text drawing, the previous items may have
been drawn. The baseline of the characters are drawn
starting at the x and y coordinates that you pass in the
text drawing functions.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For example,
consider the background rectangle drawn by
<i>XDrawImageString</i>. If you want the upper-left corner
of the background rectangle to be at pixel coordinate (x,y),
pass the (x,y + ascent) as the baseline origin coordinates
to the text functions. The ascent is the font ascent, as
given in the <i>XFontStruct</i> structure. If you want the
lower-left corner of the background rectangle to be at pixel
coordinate (x,y), pass the (x,y &minus; descent + 1) as the
baseline origin coordinates to the text functions. The
descent is the font descent, as given in the
<i>XFontStruct</i> structure.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadFont</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Font or GContext argument does not name a
defined Font.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadGC</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a GContext argument does not name a defined
GContext.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as a Drawable.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XDrawImageString.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawImageString</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XDrawString.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawString</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XLoadFont.3.xhtml"><em>XLoadFont</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
