<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:51 2012 -->
<title>XEVI</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XEVI</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">ERRORS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XeviQueryExtension,
XeviQueryVersion, XeviGetVisualInfo - X Extended Visual
Information functions</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XEVI.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XeviQueryExtension (Display *dpy);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XeviQueryVersion (Display *dpy, <br/>
int *major_version_return, <br/>
int *minor_version_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
XeviGetVisualInfo (Display *dpy, VisualID *visual, <br/>
int n_visual, ExtendedVisualInfo ** evi_return, <br/>
int * n_info_return);</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The X11
Extended Visual Information extension (EVI) allows a client
to determine information about core X visuals beyond what
the core protocol provides.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The EVI
application programming library contains the interfaces
described below. With the exception of
<b>XeviQueryExtension,</b> if any of these routines are
called with a display that does not support the extension,
the ExtensionErrorHandler (which can be set with
<b>XSetExtensionErrorHandler</b> and functions the same way
as <b>XSetErrorHandler</b>) will be called and the function
will then return.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XeviQueryExtension</b>
returns <b>True</b> if the Extended Visual Information
extension is available on the given display. A client must
call <b>XeviQueryExtension</b> before calling any other EVI
function in order to negotiate a compatible protocol
version; otherwise the client will get undefined behavior
(EVI may or may not work).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XeviQueryVersion</b>
returns <b>True</b> if the request succeeded; the values of
the major and minor protocol version supported by the server
are returned in <i>major_version_return</i> and
<i>minor_version_return.</i></p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XeviGetVisualInfo</b>
returns a list of ExtendedVisualInfo structures that
describe visual information beyond that supported by the
core protocol. This includes layer information relevant for
systems supporting overlays and/or underlay planes, and
information that allows applications better to determine the
level of hardware support for multiple colormaps.
XeviGetVisualInfo returns <b>Success</b> if successful, or
an X error otherwise. If the argument <i>visual</i> is NULL,
then information for all visuals of all screens is returned.
Otherwise, it&rsquo;s a pointer to a list of visuals for
which extended visual information is desired.
<i>n_visual</i> is the number of elements in the array
visual. <i>evi_return</i> returns a pointer to a list of
ExtendedVisualInfo. When done, the client should free the
list using XFree. <i>n_info_return</i> returns the number of
elements in the array evi_return.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<b>ExtendedVisualInfo</b> structure has the following
fields:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="18%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="75%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>VisualID</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>core_visual_id</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>screen</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>level</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>transparency_type</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>transparency_value</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>min_hw_colormaps</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>max_hw_colormaps</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_colormap_conflicts</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>VisualID *</p></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap_conflicts</i></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The combination
of <i>core_visual_id</i> and <i>screen</i> number uniquely
specify the visual being described.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>level</i>
returns the level number for the visual, 0 for normal
planes, &gt; 0 for overlays, &lt; 0 for underlays.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>transparency_type</i>
returns the type of transparency supported by the visual.
XEVI_TRANSPARENCY_NONE if there are no transparent pixels,
XEVI_TRANSPARENCY_PIXEL if the visual supports a transparent
pixel, XEVI_TRANSPARENCY_MASK if the visual supports
transparent plane(s).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>transparency_value</i>
returns the pixel/plane value to set for transparency if
transparency_type isn&rsquo;t XEVI_TRANSPARENCY_NONE.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>min_hw_colormaps</i>
and <i>max_hw_colormaps</i> return the minimum and maximum
number of hardware colormaps backing up the visual.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>num_colormap_conflicts</i>
returns the number of elements in <i>colormap_conflicts.</i>
This array returns a list of visuals that may cause
conflicts in the use of the hardware colormap. For example,
if a 12-bit hardware colormap is overloaded to support 8-bit
colormaps, the corresponding 8-bit visuals would conflict
with the 12-bit visuals.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XeviGetVisualInfo</b>
will return <i>BadValue</i> if passed an illegal visual ID,
<i>BadAccess</i> if the X server does not respond,
<i>BadAlloc</i> if there is a memory allocation failure.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
