<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:19 2012 -->
<title>XFillRectangle</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XFillRectangle</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XFillRectangle,
XFillRectangles, XFillPolygon, XFillArc, XFillArcs &minus;
fill rectangles, polygons, or arcs</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFillRectangle(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int
<i>x</i>, int <i>y</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>, unsigned
int <i>height</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFillRectangles(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, XRectangle
*<i>rectangles</i>, int <i>nrectangles</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFillPolygon(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, XPoint
*<i>points</i>, int <i>npoints</i>, int <i>shape</i>, int
<i>mode</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFillArc(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int
<i>x</i>, int <i>y</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>, unsigned
int <i>height</i>, int <i>angle1</i>, int
<i>angle2</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFillArcs(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, XArc
*<i>arcs</i>, int <i>narcs</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>angle1</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the start of the arc relative to the
three-o&rsquo;clock position from the center, in units of
degrees * 64.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>angle2</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the path and extent of the arc relative to the
start of the arc, in units of degrees * 64.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>arcs</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an array of arcs.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the GC.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the coordinate mode. You can pass
<i>CoordModeOrigin</i> or <i>CoordModePrevious</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>narcs</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of arcs in the array.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>npoints</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of points in the array.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>nrectangles</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
rectangles in the array.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>points</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an array of points.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>rectangles</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies an array of
rectangles.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>shape</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a shape that helps the server to improve
performance. You can pass <i>Complex</i>, <i>Convex</i>, or
<i>Nonconvex</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the width and height, which are the dimensions
of the rectangle to be filled or the major and minor axes of
the arc.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates, which are relative to
the origin of the drawable and specify the upper-left corner
of the rectangle.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFillRectangle</i> and <i>XFillRectangles</i> functions
fill the specified rectangle or rectangles as if a
four-point <i>FillPolygon</i> protocol request were
specified for each rectangle:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[x,y]
[x+width,y] [x+width,y+height] [x,y+height]</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each function
uses the x and y coordinates, width and height dimensions,
and GC you specify.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFillRectangles</i>
fills the rectangles in the order listed in the array. For
any given rectangle, <i>XFillRectangle</i> and
<i>XFillRectangles</i> do not draw a pixel more than once.
If rectangles intersect, the intersecting pixels are drawn
multiple times.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Both functions
use these GC components: function, plane-mask, fill-style,
subwindow-mode, clip-x-origin, clip-y-origin, and clip-mask.
They also use these GC mode-dependent components:
foreground, background, tile, stipple,
tile-stipple-x-origin, and tile-stipple-y-origin.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFillRectangle</i>
and <i>XFillRectangles</i> can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>,
<i>BadGC</i>, and <i>BadMatch</i> errors.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFillPolygon</i>
fills the region closed by the specified path. The path is
closed automatically if the last point in the list does not
coincide with the first point. <i>XFillPolygon</i> does not
draw a pixel of the region more than once.
<i>CoordModeOrigin</i> treats all coordinates as relative to
the origin, and <i>CoordModePrevious</i> treats all
coordinates after the first as relative to the previous
point.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Depending on
the specified shape, the following occurs:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">If shape is <i>Complex</i>, the
path may self-intersect. Note that contiguous coincident
points in the path are not treated as self-intersection.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If shape is <i>Convex</i>, for every pair of points
inside the polygon, the line segment connecting them does
not intersect the path. If known by the client, specifying
<i>Convex</i> can improve performance. If you specify
<i>Convex</i> for a path that is not convex, the graphics
results are undefined.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If shape is <i>Nonconvex</i>, the path does not
self-intersect, but the shape is not wholly convex. If known
by the client, specifying <i>Nonconvex</i> instead of
<i>Complex</i> may improve performance. If you specify
<i>Nonconvex</i> for a self-intersecting path, the graphics
results are undefined.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The fill-rule
of the GC controls the filling behavior of self-intersecting
polygons.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
uses these GC components: function, plane-mask, fill-style,
fill-rule, subwindow-mode, clip-x-origin, clip-y-origin, and
clip-mask. It also uses these GC mode-dependent components:
foreground, background, tile, stipple,
tile-stipple-x-origin, and tile-stipple-y-origin.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFillPolygon</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadGC</i>,
<i>BadMatch</i>, and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For each arc,
<i>XFillArc</i> or <i>XFillArcs</i> fills the region closed
by the infinitely thin path described by the specified arc
and, depending on the arc-mode specified in the GC, one or
two line segments. For <i>ArcChord</i>, the single line
segment joining the endpoints of the arc is used. For
<i>ArcPieSlice</i>, the two line segments joining the
endpoints of the arc with the center point are used.
<i>XFillArcs</i> fills the arcs in the order listed in the
array. For any given arc, <i>XFillArc</i> and
<i>XFillArcs</i> do not draw a pixel more than once. If
regions intersect, the intersecting pixels are drawn
multiple times.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Both functions
use these GC components: function, plane-mask, fill-style,
arc-mode, subwindow-mode, clip-x-origin, clip-y-origin, and
clip-mask. They also use these GC mode-dependent components:
foreground, background, tile, stipple,
tile-stipple-x-origin, and tile-stipple-y-origin.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFillArc</i>
and <i>XFillArcs</i> can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>,
<i>BadGC</i>, and <i>BadMatch</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadGC</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a GContext argument does not name a defined
GContext.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as a Drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XDrawArc.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawArc</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XDrawPoint.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawPoint</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XDrawRectangle.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawRectangle</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
