<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:08 2012 -->
<title>XFlush</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XFlush</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XFlush, XSync,
XEventsQueued, XPending &minus; handle output buffer or
event queue</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="71%"></col>
<col width="18%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFlush(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSync(Display
*<i>display</i>, Bool <i>discard</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XEventsQueued(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>mode</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XPending(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>discard</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a Boolean value that indicates whether
<i>XSync</i> discards all events on the event queue.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the mode. You can pass <i>QueuedAlready</i>,
<i>QueuedAfterFlush</i>, or <i>QueuedAfterReading</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFlush</i> function flushes the output buffer. Most
client applications need not use this function because the
output buffer is automatically flushed as needed by calls to
<i>XPending</i>, <i>XNextEvent</i>, and <i>XWindowEvent</i>.
Events generated by the server may be enqueued into the
library&rsquo;s event queue.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSync</i> function flushes the output buffer and then
waits until all requests have been received and processed by
the X server. Any errors generated must be handled by the
error handler. For each protocol error received by Xlib,
<i>XSync</i> calls the client application&rsquo;s error
handling routine (see section 11.8.2). Any events generated
by the server are enqueued into the library&rsquo;s event
queue.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Finally, if you
passed <i>False</i>, <i>XSync</i> does not discard the
events in the queue. If you passed <i>True</i>, <i>XSync</i>
discards all events in the queue, including those events
that were on the queue before <i>XSync</i> was called.
Client applications seldom need to call <i>XSync</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If mode is
<i>QueuedAlready</i>, <i>XEventsQueued</i> returns the
number of events already in the event queue (and never
performs a system call). If mode is <i>QueuedAfterFlush</i>,
<i>XEventsQueued</i> returns the number of events already in
the queue if the number is nonzero. If there are no events
in the queue, <i>XEventsQueued</i> flushes the output
buffer, attempts to read more events out of the
application&rsquo;s connection, and returns the number read.
If mode is <i>QueuedAfterReading</i>, <i>XEventsQueued</i>
returns the number of events already in the queue if the
number is nonzero. If there are no events in the queue,
<i>XEventsQueued</i> attempts to read more events out of the
application&rsquo;s connection without flushing the output
buffer and returns the number read.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XEventsQueued</i>
always returns immediately without I/O if there are events
already in the queue. <i>XEventsQueued</i> with mode
<i>QueuedAfterFlush</i> is identical in behavior to
<i>XPending</i>. <i>XEventsQueued</i> with mode
<i>QueuedAlready</i> is identical to the <i>XQLength</i>
function.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XPending</i> function returns the number of events that
have been received from the X server but have not been
removed from the event queue. <i>XPending</i> is identical
to <i>XEventsQueued</i> with the mode
<i>QueuedAfterFlush</i> specified.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/AllPlanes.3.xhtml"><em>AllPlanes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XIfEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XIfEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XNextEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XNextEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XPutBackEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XPutBackEvent</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
