<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:37 2012 -->
<title>XFontsOfFontSet</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XFontsOfFontSet</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XFontsOfFontSet,
XBaseFontNameListOfFontSet, XLocaleOfFontSet,
XContextDependentDrawing, XContextualDrawing,
XDirectionalDependentDrawing &minus; obtain fontset
information</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFontsOfFontSet(XFontSet
<i>font_set</i>, XFontStruct
***<i>font_struct_list_return</i>, char
***<i>font_name_list_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char
*XBaseFontNameListOfFontSet(XFontSet <i>font_set</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XLocaleOfFontSet(XFontSet
<i>font_set</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool
XContextDependentDrawing(XFontSet <i>font_set</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XContextualDrawing(XFontSet
<i>font_set</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool
XDirectionalDependentDrawing(XFontSet <i>font_set</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="36%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>font_set</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the font set.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>font_name_list_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the list of font
names.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>font_struct_list_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the list of font
structs.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFontsOfFontSet</i> function returns a list of one or
more <i>XFontStructs</i> and font names for the fonts used
by the Xmb and Xwc layers for the given font set. A list of
pointers to the <i>XFontStruct</i> structures is returned to
font_struct_list_return. A list of pointers to
null-terminated, fully specified font name strings in the
locale of the font set is returned to font_name_list_return.
The font_name_list order corresponds to the font_struct_list
order. The number of <i>XFontStruct</i> structures and font
names is returned as the value of the function.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Because it is
not guaranteed that a given character will be imaged using a
single font glyph, there is no provision for mapping a
character or default string to the font properties, font ID,
or direction hint for the font for the character. The client
may access the <i>XFontStruct</i> list to obtain these
values for all the fonts currently in use.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xlib does not
guarantee that fonts are loaded from the server at the
creation of an <i>XFontSet</i>. Xlib may choose to cache
font data, loading it only as needed to draw text or compute
text dimensions. Therefore, existence of the per_char
metrics in the <i>XFontStruct</i> structures in the
<i>XFontStructSet</i> is undefined. Also, note that all
properties in the <i>XFontStruct</i> structures are in the
STRING encoding.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFontStruct</i> and font name lists are owned by Xlib and
should not be modified or freed by the client. They will be
freed by a call to <i>XFreeFontSet</i> with the associated
<i>XFontSet</i>. Until freed, their contents will not be
modified by Xlib.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XBaseFontNameListOfFontSet</i> function returns the
original base font name list supplied by the client when the
<i>XFontSet</i> was created. A null-terminated string
containing a list of comma-separated font names is returned
as the value of the function. White space may appear
immediately on either side of separating commas.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>XCreateFontSet</i> obtained an XLFD name from the font
properties for the font specified by a non-XLFD base name,
the <i>XBaseFontNameListOfFontSet</i> function will return
the XLFD name instead of the non-XLFD base name.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The base font
name list is owned by Xlib and should not be modified or
freed by the client. It will be freed by a call to
<i>XFreeFontSet</i> with the associated <i>XFontSet</i>.
Until freed, its contents will not be modified by Xlib.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XLocaleOfFontSet</i> function returns the name of the
locale bound to the specified <i>XFontSet</i>, as a
null-terminated string.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The returned
locale name string is owned by Xlib and should not be
modified or freed by the client. It may be freed by a call
to <i>XFreeFontSet</i> with the associated <i>XFontSet</i>.
Until freed, it will not be modified by Xlib.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XContextDependentDrawing</i> function returns <i>True</i>
if the drawing functions implement implicit text
directionality or if text drawn with the font_set might
include context-dependent drawing; otherwise, it returns
<i>False</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XContextualDrawing</i> function returns <i>True</i> if
text drawn with the font set might include context-dependent
drawing; otherwise, it returns <i>False</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDirectionalDependentDrawing</i> function returns
<i>True</i> if the drawing functions implement implicit text
directionality; otherwise, it returns <i>False</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreateFontSet.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateFontSet</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCreateOM.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateOM</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateOC.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateOC</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XExtentsOfFontSet.3.xhtml"><em>XExtentsOfFontSet</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XFontSetExtents.3.xhtml"><em>XFontSetExtents</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
