<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:19 2012 -->
<title>XGetEventData</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGetEventData</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">EXAMPLE CODE</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">NOTES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGetEventData,
XFreeEventData, XGenericEventCookie &minus; retrieve and
free additional event data through cookies.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XGetEventData(Display
*<i>display</i>, XGenericEventCookie *<i>cookie</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XFreeEventData(Display
*<i>display</i>, XGenericEventCookie *<i>cookie</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>cookie</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the cookie to free or retrieve the data
for.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int type;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned long serial;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool send_event;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Display *display;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int extension;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int evtype;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int cookie;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>void *data;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XGenericEventCookie;</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Some extension
<i>XGenericEvents</i> require additional memory to store
information. For these events, the library returns a
<i>XGenericEventCookie</i> with a token
(&rsquo;cookie&rsquo;) unique to this event. The
<i>XGenericEventCookie</i>&rsquo;s data pointer is undefined
until <i>XGetEventData</i> is called.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetEventData</i> function retrieves this extra data for
the given cookie. No round-trip to the server is required.
If the cookie is invalid or the event is not an event
handled by cookie handlers, <i>False</i> is returned. If
<i>XGetEventData</i> returns <i>True</i>, the cookie&rsquo;s
data pointer points to the memory containing the event
information. A client must call <i>XFreeEventData</i> to
free this memory. <i>XGetEventData</i> returns <i>False</i>
for multiple calls for the same event cookie.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreeEventData</i> function frees the data associated
with a cookie. A client must call <i>XFreeEventData</i> for
each cookie claimed with <i>XGetEventData</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">EXAMPLE CODE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XEvent event;
<br/>
XGenericEventCookie *cookie = &amp;ev;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XNextEvent(display,
&amp;event); <br/>
if (XGetEventData(display, cookie)) { <br/>
handle_cookie_event(cookie-&gt;data); <br/>
} else <br/>
handle_event(&amp;event); <br/>
} <br/>
XFreeEventData(display, cookie);</p>

<h2 id="heading7">NOTES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A cookie is
defined as unclaimed if it has been returned to the client
through <i>XNextEvent</i> but its data has not been
retrieved via <i>XGetEventData</i>. Subsequent calls to
<i>XNextEvent</i> may free memory associated with unclaimed
cookies. Multi-threaded X clients must ensure that
<i>XGetEventData</i> is called before the next call to
<i>XNextEvent</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading8">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XNextEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XNextEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
