<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:33 2012 -->
<title>XGETDEVICEPROPERTY</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGETDEVICEPROPERTY</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGetDeviceProperty,
XChangeDeviceProperty, XDeleteDeviceProperty &minus; Get,
change or delete a device&acute;s property.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
XGetDeviceProperty( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
Atom property, <br/>
long offset, <br/>
long length, <br/>
Bool delete, <br/>
Atom req_type, <br/>
Atom *actual_type_return, <br/>
int *actual_format_return, <br/>
unsigned long *nitems_return, <br/>
unsigned long *bytes_after_return, <br/>
unsigned char **prop_return)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">void
XChangeDeviceProperty( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
Atom property, <br/>
Atom type, <br/>
int format, <br/>
int mode, <br/>
const char *data, <br/>
int nelements)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">void
XDeleteDeviceProperty( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
Atom property)</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">actual_type_return
<br/>
Returns an atom identifier that defines the actual type
<br/>
of the property.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">actual_format_return
<br/>
Returns the actual format of the property.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">bytes_after_return
<br/>
Returns the number of bytes remaining to be read in the
<br/>
property if a partial read was performed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">data <br/>
Specifies the property data.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">delete <br/>
Specifies a Boolean value that determines whether the <br/>
property is deleted.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
The device to grab.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">format <br/>
Specifies whether the data should be viewed as a list of
<br/>
8&minus;bit, 16&minus;bit, or 32&minus;bit quantities.
Possible values are <br/>
8, 16, and 32. This information allows the X server to <br/>
correctly perform byte&minus;swap operations as necessary.
If <br/>
the format is 16&minus;bit or 32&minus;bit, you must
explicitly cast <br/>
the data pointer to an (unsigned char*) in the call to <br/>
XChangeDeviceProperty.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">length <br/>
Specifies the length in 32&minus;bit multiplies of the data
to <br/>
be retrieved.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">mode <br/>
Specifies the mode of operation. You can pass <br/>
PropModeReplace, PropModePrepend, or PropModeAppend.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">nelements <br/>
Specifies the number of elements in data.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">nitems_return
<br/>
Returns the actual number of 8&minus;bit, 16&minus;bit, or
32&minus;bit <br/>
items stored in the prop_return array.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">num_values
<br/>
Specifies the number of elements in the values list.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">offset <br/>
Specifies the offset in the specified property (in <br/>
32&minus;bit quantities) where the data is to be
retrieved.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">property <br/>
Specifies the property to modify or query.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">prop_return
<br/>
Returns the data in the specified format. If the <br/>
returned format is 8, the returned data is represented <br/>
as a char array. If the returned format is 16, the <br/>
returned data is represented as an array of short int <br/>
type and should be cast to that type to obtain the <br/>
elements. If the returned format is 32, the property <br/>
data will be stored as an array of longs (which in a <br/>
64&minus;bit application will be 64&minus;bit values that
are padded <br/>
in the upper 4 bytes).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">req_type <br/>
Specifies the atom identifier associated with the <br/>
property type or AnyPropertyType.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
XGetDeviceProperty function returns the actual type of the
property; the actual format of the property; the number of
8&minus;bit, 16&minus;bit, or 32&minus;bit items
transferred; the number of bytes remaining to be read in the
property; and a pointer to the data actually returned. For a
detailed description of this function, see the man page to
XGetWindowProperty.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
XChangeDeviceProperty function alters the property for the
specified device and causes the server to generate a
XPropertyNotifyEvent event on that device. For a detailed
description of this function, see the man page to
XChangeProperty.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
XDeleteDeviceProperty function deletes the specified device
property. Note that a client cannot delete a property
created by a driver or the server. Attempting to do so will
result in a BadAtom error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGetDeviceProperty
can generate a BadAtom, BadDevice error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XChangeDeviceProperty
can generate a BadDevice, a BadMatch, a BadAtom, and a
BadValue error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDeleteDeviceProperty
can generate a BadDevice, and a BadAtom error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadAtom <br/>
A value does not describe a valid named identifier or <br/>
the client attempted to remove a driver&minus;allocated
<br/>
property.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XListDeviceProperties.3.xhtml"><em>XListDeviceProperties</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
