<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:54 2012 -->
<title>XGETDEVICEMOTIONEVEN</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGETDEVICEMOTIONEVEN</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGetDeviceMotionEvents,
XDeviceTimeCoord &minus; get device motion history</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDeviceTimeCoord
*XGetDeviceMotionEvents( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
Time start, <br/>
Time stop, <br/>
int *nevents_return, <br/>
int *mode_return, <br/>
int *axis_count_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device whose motion history is to be <br/>
queried.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">start, stop
<br/>
Specify the time interval in which the events are <br/>
returned from the motionhistory buffer.You can pass a <br/>
timestamp or CurrentTime.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">nevents_return
<br/>
Returns the number of events from the motion history <br/>
buffer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">mode_return
<br/>
Returns the mode of the device (Absolute or Relative).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">axis_count_return
<br/>
Returns the count of axes being reported.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The server may
retain the recent history of the device motion <br/>
and do so to a finer granularity than is reported by <br/>
DeviceMotionNotify events. The XGetDeviceMotionEvents
request <br/>
makes this history available.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XGetDeviceMotionEvents request returns all events in the
<br/>
motion history buffer that fall between the specified start
and <br/>
stop times, inclusive. If the start time is later than the
stop <br/>
time or if the start time is in the future, no events are
<br/>
returned. If the stop time is in the future, it is
equivalent <br/>
to specifying CurrentTime.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The mode
indicates whether the device is reporting absolute <br/>
positional data (mode = Absolute ) or relative motion data
<br/>
(mode = Relative ). Some devices allow their mode to be
changed <br/>
via the XSetDeviceMode request. These constants are defined
in <br/>
the file XI.h. The axis_count returns the number of axes or
<br/>
valuators being reported by the device.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XGetDeviceMotionEvents
can generate a BadDevice, or BadMatch <br/>
error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Structures</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XDeviceTimeCoord structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
Time time; <br/>
int *data; <br/>
} XDeviceTimeCoord;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The time member
is set to the time, in milliseconds. The data <br/>
member is a pointer to an array of integers. These integers
are <br/>
set to the values of each valuator or axis reported by the
<br/>
device. There is one element in the array per axis of motion
<br/>
reported by the device. The value of the array elements
depends <br/>
on the mode of the device. If the mode is Absolute, the
values <br/>
are the raw values generated by the device. These may be
scaled <br/>
by client programs using the maximum values that the device
can <br/>
generate. The maximum value for each axis of the device is
<br/>
reported in the max_val field of the XAxisInfo returned by
the <br/>
XListInputDevices request. If the mode is Relative, the data
<br/>
values are the relative values generated by the device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">You should use
XFreeDeviceMotionEvents to free the data <br/>
returned by this request.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">Errors returned
by this request: BadDevice, BadMatch.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist or has not been opened by this client via
<br/>
XOpenInputDevice. This error may also occur if the <br/>
specified device is the X keyboard or X pointer device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadMatch <br/>
This error may occur if an XGetDeviceMotionEvents <br/>
request is made specifying a device that has no <br/>
valuators and reports no axes of motion.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
