<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:03 2012 -->
<title>XGETEXTENSIONVERSION</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGETEXTENSIONVERSION</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">STRUCTURES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGetExtensionVersion
&minus; query the version of the input extension.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XExtensionVersion
*XGetExtensionVersion( Display *display, <br/>
char *name);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">name <br/>
Specifies the extension to be queried. The input <br/>
extension name is definedin the header file XI.h.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XGetExtensionVersion request is deprecated and should not
<br/>
be used in XI2 applications. Clients issuing a
XGetExtensionVersion <br/>
request will not be able to use XI2 features.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XGetExtensionVersion request queries the version of the
input <br/>
extension, and returns an XExtensionVersion structure. This
structure <br/>
contains a major_version and minor_version number which can
be compared <br/>
with constants defined in XI.h. Support for additional
protocol <br/>
requests added to the input extension after its initial
release <br/>
is indicated by a version number corresponding to the added
<br/>
requests. Each version contains all the protocol requests
<br/>
contained by previous versions.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">You should use
XFree to free the XExtensionVersion structure.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">This request
returns an XExtensionVersion structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
int present; <br/>
short major_version; <br/>
short minor_version; <br/>
} XExtensionVersion;</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
