<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:40 2012 -->
<title>XGrabKeyboard</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGrabKeyboard</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGrabKeyboard,
XUngrabKeyboard &minus; grab the keyboard</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGrabKeyboard(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>grab_window</i>, Bool
<i>owner_events</i>, int <i>pointer_mode</i>, int
<i>keyboard_mode</i>, Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XUngrabKeyboard(Display
*<i>display</i>, Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>grab_window</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the grab window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keyboard_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies further processing of
keyboard events. You can pass <i>GrabModeSync</i> or
<i>GrabModeAsync</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>owner_events</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a Boolean value that
indicates whether the keyboard events are to be reported as
usual.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>pointer_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies further processing of
pointer events. You can pass <i>GrabModeSync</i> or
<i>GrabModeAsync</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the time. You can pass either a timestamp or
<i>CurrentTime</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGrabKeyboard</i> function actively grabs control of the
keyboard and generates <i>FocusIn</i> and <i>FocusOut</i>
events. Further key events are reported only to the grabbing
client. <i>XGrabKeyboard</i> overrides any active keyboard
grab by this client. If owner_events is <i>False</i>, all
generated key events are reported with respect to
grab_window. If owner_events is <i>True</i> and if a
generated key event would normally be reported to this
client, it is reported normally; otherwise, the event is
reported with respect to the grab_window. Both
<i>KeyPress</i> and <i>KeyRelease</i> events are always
reported, independent of any event selection made by the
client.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
keyboard_mode argument is <i>GrabModeAsync</i>, keyboard
event processing continues as usual. If the keyboard is
currently frozen by this client, then processing of keyboard
events is resumed. If the keyboard_mode argument is
<i>GrabModeSync</i>, the state of the keyboard (as seen by
client applications) appears to freeze, and the X server
generates no further keyboard events until the grabbing
client issues a releasing <i>XAllowEvents</i> call or until
the keyboard grab is released. Actual keyboard changes are
not lost while the keyboard is frozen; they are simply
queued in the server for later processing.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If pointer_mode
is <i>GrabModeAsync</i>, pointer event processing is
unaffected by activation of the grab. If pointer_mode is
<i>GrabModeSync</i>, the state of the pointer (as seen by
client applications) appears to freeze, and the X server
generates no further pointer events until the grabbing
client issues a releasing <i>XAllowEvents</i> call or until
the keyboard grab is released. Actual pointer changes are
not lost while the pointer is frozen; they are simply queued
in the server for later processing.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the keyboard
is actively grabbed by some other client,
<i>XGrabKeyboard</i> fails and returns
<i>AlreadyGrabbed</i>. If grab_window is not viewable, it
fails and returns <i>GrabNotViewable</i>. If the keyboard is
frozen by an active grab of another client, it fails and
returns <i>GrabFrozen</i>. If the specified time is earlier
than the last-keyboard-grab time or later than the current X
server time, it fails and returns <i>GrabInvalidTime</i>.
Otherwise, the last-keyboard-grab time is set to the
specified time (<i>CurrentTime</i> is replaced by the
current X server time).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGrabKeyboard</i>
can generate <i>BadValue</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XUngrabKeyboard</i> function releases the keyboard and
any queued events if this client has it actively grabbed
from either <i>XGrabKeyboard</i> or <i>XGrabKey</i>.
<i>XUngrabKeyboard</i> does not release the keyboard and any
queued events if the specified time is earlier than the
last-keyboard-grab time or is later than the current X
server time. It also generates <i>FocusIn</i> and
<i>FocusOut</i> events. The X server automatically performs
an <i>UngrabKeyboard</i> request if the event window for an
active keyboard grab becomes not viewable.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllowEvents.3.xhtml"><em>XAllowEvents</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XGrabButton.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabButton</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGrabKey.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabKey</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGrabPointer.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabPointer</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
