<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:04 2012 -->
<title>XGraphicsExposeEvent</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGraphicsExposeEvent</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGraphicsExposeEvent,
XNoExposeEvent &minus; GraphicsExpose and NoExpose event
structures</p>

<h2 id="heading2">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The structures
for <i>GraphicsExpose</i> and <i>NoExpose</i> events
contain:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int type;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* GraphicsExpose */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned long serial;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* # of last request processed by server */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool send_event;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* true if this came from a SendEvent request */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Display *display;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Display the event was read from */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Drawable drawable;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int x, y;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int width, height;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int count;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* if nonzero, at least this many more */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int major_code;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* core is CopyArea or CopyPlane */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int minor_code;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* not defined in the core */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XGraphicsExposeEvent;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int type;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* NoExpose */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned long serial;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* # of last request processed by server */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Bool send_event;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* true if this came from a SendEvent request */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Display *display;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Display the event was read from */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Drawable drawable;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int major_code;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* core is CopyArea or CopyPlane */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int minor_code;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* not defined in the core */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XNoExposeEvent;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When you
receive these events, their structure members are set as
follows.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The type member
is set to the event type constant name that uniquely
identifies it. For example, when the X server reports a
<i>GraphicsExpose</i> event to a client application, it
sends an <i>XGraphicsExposeEvent</i> structure with the type
member set to <i>GraphicsExpose</i>. The display member is
set to a pointer to the display the event was read on. The
send_event member is set to <i>True</i> if the event came
from a <i>SendEvent</i> protocol request. The serial member
is set from the serial number reported in the protocol but
expanded from the 16-bit least-significant bits to a full
32-bit value. The window member is set to the window that is
most useful to toolkit dispatchers.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Both structures
have these common members: drawable, major_code, and
minor_code. The drawable member is set to the drawable of
the destination region on which the graphics request was to
be performed. The major_code member is set to the graphics
request initiated by the client and can be either
<i>X_CopyArea</i> or <i>X_CopyPlane</i>. If it is
<i>X_CopyArea</i>, a call to <i>XCopyArea</i> initiated the
request. If it is <i>X_CopyPlane</i>, a call to
<i>XCopyPlane</i> initiated the request. These constants are
defined in &lt;<i>X11/Xproto.h</i>&gt;. The minor_code
member, like the major_code member, indicates which graphics
request was initiated by the client. However, the minor_code
member is not defined by the core X protocol and will be
zero in these cases, although it may be used by an
extension.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGraphicsExposeEvent</i> structure has these additional
members: x, y, width, height, and count. The x and y members
are set to the coordinates relative to the drawable&rsquo;s
origin and indicate the upper-left corner of the rectangle.
The width and height members are set to the size (extent) of
the rectangle. The count member is set to the number of
<i>GraphicsExpose</i> events to follow. If count is zero, no
more <i>GraphicsExpose</i> events follow for this window.
However, if count is nonzero, at least that number of
<i>GraphicsExpose</i> events (and possibly more) are to
follow for this window.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAnyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XAnyEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XButtonEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XButtonEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindowEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindowEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCirculateEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCirculateEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCirculateRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCirculateRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XColormapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XColormapEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XConfigureEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XConfigureRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCopyArea.3.xhtml"><em>XCopyArea</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCrossingEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XCrossingEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XDestroyWindowEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XDestroyWindowEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XErrorEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XErrorEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XExposeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XExposeEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XFocusChangeEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XFocusChangeEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGravityEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XGravityEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XKeymapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XKeymapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XMapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XMapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XMapRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XMapRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XPropertyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XPropertyEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XReparentEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XReparentEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XResizeRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XResizeRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSelectionClearEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionClearEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSelectionEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSelectionRequestEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSelectionRequestEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XUnmapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XVisibilityEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XVisibilityEvent</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
