<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:29:54 2012 -->
<title>XGrabPointer</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGrabPointer</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGrabPointer,
XUngrabPointer, XChangeActivePointerGrab &minus; grab the
pointer</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGrabPointer(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>grab_window</i>, Bool
<i>owner_events</i>, unsigned int <i>event_mask</i>, int
<i>pointer_mode</i>, int <i>keyboard_mode</i>, Window
<i>confine_to</i>, Cursor <i>cursor</i>, Time
<i>time</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XUngrabPointer(Display
*<i>display</i>, Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XChangeActivePointerGrab(Display *<i>display</i>, unsigned
int <i>event_mask</i>, Cursor <i>cursor</i>, Time
<i>time</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>confine_to</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the window to confine
the pointer in or <i>None</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>cursor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the cursor that is to be displayed during the
grab or <i>None</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies which pointer events
are reported to the client. The mask is the bitwise
inclusive OR of the valid pointer event mask bits.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>grab_window</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the grab window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keyboard_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies further processing of
keyboard events. You can pass <i>GrabModeSync</i> or
<i>GrabModeAsync</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>owner_events</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a Boolean value that
indicates whether the pointer events are to be reported as
usual or reported with respect to the grab window if
selected by the event mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>pointer_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies further processing of
pointer events. You can pass <i>GrabModeSync</i> or
<i>GrabModeAsync</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the time. You can pass either a timestamp or
<i>CurrentTime</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGrabPointer</i> function actively grabs control of the
pointer and returns <i>GrabSuccess</i> if the grab was
successful. Further pointer events are reported only to the
grabbing client. <i>XGrabPointer</i> overrides any active
pointer grab by this client. If owner_events is
<i>False</i>, all generated pointer events are reported with
respect to grab_window and are reported only if selected by
event_mask. If owner_events is <i>True</i> and if a
generated pointer event would normally be reported to this
client, it is reported as usual. Otherwise, the event is
reported with respect to the grab_window and is reported
only if selected by event_mask. For either value of
owner_events, unreported events are discarded.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
pointer_mode is <i>GrabModeAsync</i>, pointer event
processing continues as usual. If the pointer is currently
frozen by this client, the processing of events for the
pointer is resumed. If the pointer_mode is
<i>GrabModeSync</i>, the state of the pointer, as seen by
client applications, appears to freeze, and the X server
generates no further pointer events until the grabbing
client calls <i>XAllowEvents</i> or until the pointer grab
is released. Actual pointer changes are not lost while the
pointer is frozen; they are simply queued in the server for
later processing.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
keyboard_mode is <i>GrabModeAsync</i>, keyboard event
processing is unaffected by activation of the grab. If the
keyboard_mode is <i>GrabModeSync</i>, the state of the
keyboard, as seen by client applications, appears to freeze,
and the X server generates no further keyboard events until
the grabbing client calls <i>XAllowEvents</i> or until the
pointer grab is released. Actual keyboard changes are not
lost while the pointer is frozen; they are simply queued in
the server for later processing.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If a cursor is
specified, it is displayed regardless of what window the
pointer is in. If <i>None</i> is specified, the normal
cursor for that window is displayed when the pointer is in
grab_window or one of its subwindows; otherwise, the cursor
for grab_window is displayed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If a confine_to
window is specified, the pointer is restricted to stay
contained in that window. The confine_to window need have no
relationship to the grab_window. If the pointer is not
initially in the confine_to window, it is warped
automatically to the closest edge just before the grab
activates and enter/leave events are generated as usual. If
the confine_to window is subsequently reconfigured, the
pointer is warped automatically, as necessary, to keep it
contained in the window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The time
argument allows you to avoid certain circumstances that come
up if applications take a long time to respond or if there
are long network delays. Consider a situation where you have
two applications, both of which normally grab the pointer
when clicked on. If both applications specify the timestamp
from the event, the second application may wake up faster
and successfully grab the pointer before the first
application. The first application then will get an
indication that the other application grabbed the pointer
before its request was processed.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGrabPointer</i>
generates <i>EnterNotify</i> and <i>LeaveNotify</i>
events.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Either if
grab_window or confine_to window is not viewable or if the
confine_to window lies completely outside the boundaries of
the root window, <i>XGrabPointer</i> fails and returns
<i>GrabNotViewable</i>. If the pointer is actively grabbed
by some other client, it fails and returns
<i>AlreadyGrabbed</i>. If the pointer is frozen by an active
grab of another client, it fails and returns
<i>GrabFrozen</i>. If the specified time is earlier than the
last-pointer-grab time or later than the current X server
time, it fails and returns <i>GrabInvalidTime</i>.
Otherwise, the last-pointer-grab time is set to the
specified time (<i>CurrentTime</i> is replaced by the
current X server time).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGrabPointer</i>
can generate <i>BadCursor</i>, <i>BadValue</i>, and
<i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XUngrabPointer</i> function releases the pointer and any
queued events if this client has actively grabbed the
pointer from <i>XGrabPointer</i>, <i>XGrabButton</i>, or
from a normal button press. <i>XUngrabPointer</i> does not
release the pointer if the specified time is earlier than
the last-pointer-grab time or is later than the current X
server time. It also generates <i>EnterNotify</i> and
<i>LeaveNotify</i> events. The X server performs an
<i>UngrabPointer</i> request automatically if the event
window or confine_to window for an active pointer grab
becomes not viewable or if window reconfiguration causes the
confine_to window to lie completely outside the boundaries
of the root window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XChangeActivePointerGrab</i> function changes the
specified dynamic parameters if the pointer is actively
grabbed by the client and if the specified time is no
earlier than the last-pointer-grab time and no later than
the current X server time. This function has no effect on
the passive parameters of a <i>XGrabButton</i>. The
interpretation of event_mask and cursor is the same as
described in <i>XGrabPointer</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XChangeActivePointerGrab</i>
can generate a <i>BadCursor</i> and <i>BadValue</i>
error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadCursor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for a Cursor argument
does not name a defined Cursor.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllowEvents.3.xhtml"><em>XAllowEvents</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XGrabButton.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabButton</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGrabKey.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabKey</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGrabKeyboard.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabKeyboard</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
