<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:23:39 2012 -->
<title>XGrabButton</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XGrabButton</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XGrabButton,
XUngrabButton &minus; grab pointer buttons</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGrabButton(Display
*<i>display</i>, unsigned int <i>button</i>, unsigned int
<i>modifiers</i>, Window <i>grab_window</i>, Bool
<i>owner_events</i>, unsigned int <i>event_mask</i>, int
<i>pointer_mode</i>, <i>keyboard_mode</i>, Window
<i>confine_to</i>, Cursor <i>cursor</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XUngrabButton(Display
*<i>display</i>, unsigned int <i>button</i>, unsigned int
<i>modifiers</i>, Window <i>grab_window</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>button</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the pointer button that is to be grabbed or
released or <i>AnyButton</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>confine_to</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the window to confine
the pointer in or <i>None</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>cursor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the cursor that is to be displayed or
<i>None</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies which pointer events
are reported to the client. The mask is the bitwise
inclusive OR of the valid pointer event mask bits.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>grab_window</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the grab window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keyboard_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies further processing of
keyboard events. You can pass <i>GrabModeSync</i> or
<i>GrabModeAsync</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>modifiers</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the set of keymasks or <i>AnyModifier</i>. The
mask is the bitwise inclusive OR of the valid keymask
bits.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>owner_events</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a Boolean value that
indicates whether the pointer events are to be reported as
usual or reported with respect to the grab window if
selected by the event mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>pointer_mode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies further processing of
pointer events. You can pass <i>GrabModeSync</i> or
<i>GrabModeAsync</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGrabButton</i> function establishes a passive grab. In
the future, the pointer is actively grabbed (as for
<i>XGrabPointer</i>), the last-pointer-grab time is set to
the time at which the button was pressed (as transmitted in
the <i>ButtonPress</i> event), and the <i>ButtonPress</i>
event is reported if all of the following conditions are
true:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The pointer is not grabbed, and the specified button is
logically pressed when the specified modifier keys are
logically down, and no other buttons or modifier keys are
logically down.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The grab_window contains the pointer.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The confine_to window (if any) is viewable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A passive grab on the same button/key combination does
not exist on any ancestor of grab_window.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
interpretation of the remaining arguments is as for
<i>XGrabPointer</i>. The active grab is terminated
automatically when the logical state of the pointer has all
buttons released (independent of the state of the logical
modifier keys), at which point a <i>ButtonRelease</i> event
is reported to the grabbing window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that the
logical state of a device (as seen by client applications)
may lag the physical state if device event processing is
frozen.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This request
overrides all previous grabs by the same client on the same
button/key combinations on the same window. A modifiers of
<i>AnyModifier</i> is equivalent to issuing the grab request
for all possible modifier combinations (including the
combination of no modifiers). It is not required that all
modifiers specified have currently assigned KeyCodes. A
button of <i>AnyButton</i> is equivalent to issuing the
request for all possible buttons. Otherwise, it is not
required that the specified button currently be assigned to
a physical button.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If some other
client has already issued a <i>XGrabButton</i> with the same
button/key combination on the same window, a
<i>BadAccess</i> error results. When using
<i>AnyModifier</i> or <i>AnyButton</i>, the request fails
completely, and a <i>BadAccess</i> error results (no grabs
are established) if there is a conflicting grab for any
combination. <i>XGrabButton</i> has no effect on an active
grab.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGrabButton</i>
can generate <i>BadCursor</i>, <i>BadValue</i>, and
<i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XUngrabButton</i> function releases the passive
button/key combination on the specified window if it was
grabbed by this client. A modifiers of <i>AnyModifier</i> is
equivalent to issuing the ungrab request for all possible
modifier combinations, including the combination of no
modifiers. A button of <i>AnyButton</i> is equivalent to
issuing the request for all possible buttons.
<i>XUngrabButton</i> has no effect on an active grab.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XUngrabButton</i>
can generate <i>BadValue</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadCursor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for a Cursor argument
does not name a defined Cursor.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllowEvents.3.xhtml"><em>XAllowEvents</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XGrabPointer.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabPointer</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGrabKey.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabKey</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XGrabKeyboard.3.xhtml"><em>XGrabKeyboard</em>(3)</a>, <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
