<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:27 2012 -->
<title>XICHANGEHIERARCHY</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XICHANGEHIERARCHY</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIChangeHierarchy
&minus; change the device hierarchy.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XIChangeHierarchy( Display *display, <br/>
XIAnyHierarchyChangeInfo *changes, <br/>
int num_changes);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">num_changes
<br/>
Specifies the number of elements in changes.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">changes <br/>
Specifies the changes to be made.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIChangeHierarchy
modifies the device hierarchy by creating or <br/>
removing master devices or changing the attachment of slave
<br/>
devices. If num_changes is non&minus;zero, changes is an
array of <br/>
XIAnyHierarchyChangeInfo structures. If num_changes is equal
or less than <br/>
zero, XIChangeHierarchy does nothing.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIChangeHierarchy
processes changes in order, effective <br/>
immediately. If an error occurs, processing is aborted and
the <br/>
error is reported to the client. Changes already made remain
<br/>
effective.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The list of
changes is any combination of <br/>
XIAnyHierarchyChangeInfo. The type of a hierarchy change can
be <br/>
XIAddMaster, XIRemoveMaster, XIAttachSlave or
XIDetachSlave.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef union {
<br/>
int type; <br/>
XIAddMasterInfo add; <br/>
XIRemoveMasterInfo remove; <br/>
XIAttachSlave attach; <br/>
XIDetachSlave detach; <br/>
} XIAnyHierarchyChangeInfo;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
int type; /* XIAddMaster */ <br/>
char* name; <br/>
Bool send_core; <br/>
Bool enable; <br/>
} XIAddMasterInfo;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
int type; /* XIRemoveMaster */ <br/>
int deviceid; <br/>
int return_mode; <br/>
int return_pointer; <br/>
int return_keyboard; <br/>
} XIRemoveMasterInfo;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
int type; /* XIAttachSlave */ <br/>
int deviceid; <br/>
int new_master; <br/>
} XIAttachSlaveInfo;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
int type; /* XIDetachSlave */ <br/>
int deviceid; <br/>
} XIDetachSlaveInfo;</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIAddMasterInfo
creates a new master pointer and a new <br/>
master keyboard labelled &quot;name pointer&quot; and
&quot;name keyboard&quot; <br/>
respectively. If sendCore is True, the devices will send
core <br/>
events. If enable is True, the device is enabled
immediately.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIAddMasterInfo
can generate a BadValue error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIRemoveMasterInfo
removes device and its paired master device. <br/>
If returnMode is XIAttachToMaster, all pointers attached to
<br/>
device or its paired master device are attached to <br/>
returnPointer. Likewise, all keyboards are attached to <br/>
returnKeyboard. If returnMode is XIFloating, all attached
<br/>
devices are set to floating.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIRemoveMasterInfo
can generate a BadValue and a BadDevice <br/>
error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIAttachSlaveInfo
attaches device to newMaster. If the device <br/>
is currently attached to a master device, it is detached
from <br/>
the master device and attached to the new master device.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIAttachSlaveInfo
can generate a BadDevice error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIDettachSlaveInfo
deattaches device from the current master <br/>
device and sets it floating. If the device is already
floating, <br/>
no changes are made.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIDetachSlaveInfo
can generate a BadDevice error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIChangeHierarchy
generates an XIHierarchyEvent if any <br/>
modifications were successful.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist or is not a appropriate for the type of change.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
Some numeric value falls out of the allowed range.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
