<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:44:21 2012 -->
<title>XIconifyWindow</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XIconifyWindow</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIconifyWindow,
XWithdrawWindow, XReconfigureWMWindow &minus; manipulate
top-level windows</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XIconifyWindow(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, int
<i>screen_number</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XWithdrawWindow(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, int
<i>screen_number</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XReconfigureWMWindow(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, int <i>screen_number</i>, unsigned int
<i>value_mask</i>, XWindowChanges *<i>values</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>screen_number</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the appropriate
screen number on the host server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>value_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies which values are to
be set using information in the values structure. This mask
is the bitwise inclusive OR of the valid configure window
values bits.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="60%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>values</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the <i>XWindowChanges</i> structure.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XIconifyWindow</i> function sends a WM_CHANGE_STATE
<i>ClientMessage</i> event with a format of 32 and a first
data element of <i>IconicState</i> (as described in section
4.1.4 of the <i>Inter-Client Communication Conventions
Manual</i>) and a window of w to the root window of the
specified screen with an event mask set to
<i>SubstructureNotifyMask</i>|
<i>SubstructureRedirectMask</i>. Window managers may elect
to receive this message and if the window is in its normal
state, may treat it as a request to change the
window&rsquo;s state from normal to iconic. If the
WM_CHANGE_STATE property cannot be interned,
<i>XIconifyWindow</i> does not send a message and returns a
zero status. It returns a nonzero status if the client
message is sent successfully; otherwise, it returns a zero
status.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XWithdrawWindow</i> function unmaps the specified window
and sends a synthetic <i>UnmapNotify</i> event to the root
window of the specified screen. Window managers may elect to
receive this message and may treat it as a request to change
the window&rsquo;s state to withdrawn. When a window is in
the withdrawn state, neither its normal nor its iconic
representations is visible. It returns a nonzero status if
the <i>UnmapNotify</i> event is successfully sent;
otherwise, it returns a zero status.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XWithdrawWindow</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XReconfigureWMWindow</i> function issues a
<i>ConfigureWindow</i> request on the specified top-level
window. If the stacking mode is changed and the request
fails with a <i>BadMatch</i> error, the error is trapped by
Xlib and a synthetic <i>ConfigureRequestEvent</i> containing
the same configuration parameters is sent to the root of the
specified window. Window managers may elect to receive this
event and treat it as a request to reconfigure the indicated
window. It returns a nonzero status if the request or event
is successfully sent; otherwise, it returns a zero
status.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XReconfigureWMWindow</i>
can generate <i>BadValue</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeWindowAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XConfigureWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XDestroyWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XDestroyWindow</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XRaiseWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XRaiseWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XMapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XMapWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XUnmapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapWindow</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
