<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:36:23 2012 -->
<title>XIDEFINECURSOR</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XIDEFINECURSOR</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIDefineCursor,
XIUndefineCursor &minus; define device cursors.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
XIDefineCursor( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
Window win, <br/>
Cursor cursor);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
XIUndefineCursor( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
Window win);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">cursor <br/>
Specifies the cursor that is to be displayed or None.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">deviceid <br/>
Specifies the device whose cursor is to change.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">win <br/>
Specifies the window.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If a cursor is
set, it will be used when the device&acute;s pointer <br/>
is in the window. If the cursor is None, it is equivalent to
<br/>
XIUndefineCursor.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The deviceid
must be a master pointer device or a BadDevice error is
<br/>
returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIDefineCursor
can generate BadDevice, BadCursor and BadWindow.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XIUndefineCursor function undoes the effect of a previous
<br/>
XIDefineCursor for this window. When the pointer is in the
<br/>
window, the window&acute;s default cursor will now be used.
If no <br/>
default cursor is defined, the parent&acute;s cursor for
this device <br/>
will be used (if defined) or the parent&acute;s default
cursor will <br/>
be used.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIDefineCursor
and XIUndefineCursor are identical to <br/>
XDefineCursor and XUndefineCursor but specify the device
<br/>
explicitly.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIUndefineCursor
can generate a BadDevice and a BadWindow <br/>
error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadCursor <br/>
A value for a cursor argument does not name a defined <br/>
cursor.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist or is not a pointer device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">See also</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XDefineCursor,
XUndefineCursor</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
