<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:56 2012 -->
<title>XIfEvent</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XIfEvent</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIfEvent,
XCheckIfEvent, XPeekIfEvent &minus; check the event queue
with a predicate procedure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XIfEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, XEvent *<i>event_return</i>, Bool
(*<i>predicate</i>)(), XPointer <i>arg</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XCheckIfEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, XEvent *<i>event_return</i>, Bool
(*<i>predicate</i>)(), XPointer <i>arg</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XPeekIfEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, XEvent *<i>event_return</i>, Bool
(*<i>predicate</i>)(), XPointer <i>arg</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>arg</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the user-supplied argument that will be passed
to the predicate procedure.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns&nbsp;either a copy of
or the matched event&rsquo;s associated structure.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>predicate</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the procedure that is to be called to
determine if the next event in the queue matches what you
want.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XIfEvent</i> function completes only when the specified
predicate procedure returns <i>True</i> for an event, which
indicates an event in the queue matches. <i>XIfEvent</i>
flushes the output buffer if it blocks waiting for
additional events. <i>XIfEvent</i> removes the matching
event from the queue and copies the structure into the
client-supplied <i>XEvent</i> structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When the
predicate procedure finds a match, <i>XCheckIfEvent</i>
copies the matched event into the client-supplied
<i>XEvent</i> structure and returns <i>True</i>. (This event
is removed from the queue.) If the predicate procedure finds
no match, <i>XCheckIfEvent</i> returns <i>False</i>, and the
output buffer will have been flushed. All earlier events
stored in the queue are not discarded.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XPeekIfEvent</i> function returns only when the specified
predicate procedure returns <i>True</i> for an event. After
the predicate procedure finds a match, <i>XPeekIfEvent</i>
copies the matched event into the client-supplied
<i>XEvent</i> structure without removing the event from the
queue. <i>XPeekIfEvent</i> flushes the output buffer if it
blocks waiting for additional events.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each of these
functions requires you to pass a predicate procedure that
determines if an event matches what you want. Your predicate
procedure must decide if the event is useful without calling
any Xlib functions. If the predicate directly or indirectly
causes the state of the event queue to change, the result is
not defined. If Xlib has been initialized for threads, the
predicate is called with the display locked and the result
of a call by the predicate to any Xlib function that locks
the display is not defined unless the caller has first
called <i>XLockDisplay</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The predicate
procedure and its associated arguments are:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool (*<i>predicate</i>)(Display
*<i>display</i>, XEvent *<i>event</i>, XPointer
<i>arg</i>)</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>display</i></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:26%; margin-top: 1em">Specifies the
connection to the X server.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>event</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Specifies the <i>XEvent</i>
structure.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>arg</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument passed in from the
<i>XIfEvent</i>, <i>XCheckIfEvent</i>, or
<i>XPeekIfEvent</i> function.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The predicate
procedure is called once for each event in the queue until
it finds a match. After finding a match, the predicate
procedure must return <i>True</i>. If it did not find a
match, it must return <i>False</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAnyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XAnyEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XNextEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XNextEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XPutBackEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XPutBackEvent</em>(3)</a> <a href="../man3/XSendEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSendEvent</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
