<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:44:56 2012 -->
<title>XIGRABDEVICE</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XIGRABDEVICE</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">BUGS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIGrabDevice,
XIUngrabDevice &minus; grab or ungrab the device.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XIGrabDevice( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
Window grab_window, <br/>
Time time, <br/>
Cursor cursor, <br/>
int grab_mode, <br/>
int paired_device_mode, <br/>
Bool owner_events, <br/>
XIEventMask *mask);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XIUngrabDevice( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
Time time);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">cursor <br/>
Specifies the cursor image to display for the duration <br/>
of the grab.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">deviceid <br/>
Specifies the device that should be grabbed or <br/>
ungrabbed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">grab_mode,
paired_device_mode <br/>
The grab mode for this device and (if applicable) the <br/>
paired device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">grab_window
<br/>
The grab window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">mask <br/>
Event mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">owner_events
<br/>
True if events are to be reported normally.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">time <br/>
A valid timestamp or CurrentTime.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIGrabDevice
actively grabs control of the device. Further <br/>
device events are reported only to the grabbing client.
<br/>
XIGrabDevice overrides any active device grab by this
client.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the device
is an attached slave device, the device is <br/>
automatically detached from the master device and reattached
to <br/>
the same master device when client ungrabs the device. If
the <br/>
master device is removed while the device is floating as a
<br/>
result of a grab, the device remains floating once the grab
<br/>
deactivates.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If owner_events
is False, all generated device events are <br/>
reported with respect to grab_window if selected. If <br/>
owner_events is True and if a generated device event would
<br/>
normally be reported to this client, it is reported
normally; <br/>
otherwise, the event is reported with respect to the <br/>
grab_window, and is only reported if specified in the event
<br/>
mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the
grab_mode argument is XIGrabModeAsync, device event <br/>
processing continues as usual. If the device is currently
<br/>
frozen by this client, then processing of device events is
<br/>
resumed. If the grab_mode argument is XIGrabModeSync, the
state <br/>
of the device (as seen by client applications) appears to
<br/>
freeze, and the X server generates no further device events
<br/>
until the grabbing client issues a releasing XIAllowEvents
call <br/>
or until the device grab is released. Actual device changes
are <br/>
not lost while the device is frozen; they are simply queued
in <br/>
the server for later processing.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If
paired_device_mode is XIGrabModeAsync, processing of events
<br/>
from the paired master device is unaffected by activation of
<br/>
the grab. If paired_device_mode is XIGrabModeSync, the state
of <br/>
the paired master device (as seen by client applications)
<br/>
appears to freeze, and the X server generates no further
events <br/>
from this device until the grabbing client issues a
releasing <br/>
XIAllowEvents call or until the device grab is released.
Actual <br/>
events are not lost while the devices are frozen; they are
<br/>
simply queued in the server for later processing. If the
device <br/>
is a slave device paired_device_mode is ignored.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the device
is actively grabbed by some other client, <br/>
XIGrabDevice fails and returns AlreadyGrabbed. If
grab_window <br/>
is not viewable, it fails and returns GrabNotViewable. If
the <br/>
device is frozen by an active grab of another client, it
fails <br/>
and returns GrabFrozen. If the specified time is earlier
than <br/>
the last&minus;device&minus;grab time or later than the
current X server <br/>
time, it fails and returns GrabInvalidTime. Otherwise, the
<br/>
last&minus;device&minus;grab time is set to the specified
time. CurrentTime <br/>
is replaced by the current X server time.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If cursor is
not None this cursor is displayed until the client <br/>
calls XIUngrabDevice.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIGrabDevice
can generate BadDevice, BadValue, and BadWindow <br/>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XIUngrabDevice request releases the device and any queued
<br/>
events if this client has it actively grabbed from either
<br/>
XIGrabDevice or XIGrabKey or XIGrabButton. If other devices
are <br/>
frozen by the grab, XUngrabDevice thaws them. XUngrabDevice
<br/>
does not release the device and any queued events if the
<br/>
specified time is earlier than the
last&minus;device&minus;grab time or is <br/>
later than the current X server time. The X server <br/>
automatically performs an XIUngrabDevice request if the
event <br/>
window for an active device grab becomes not viewable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIUngrabDevice
can generate a BadDevice error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
A value is outside of the permitted range.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist or is not a appropriate for the type of change.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadMatch <br/>
The window is not viewable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
Window.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">BUGS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The protocol
headers for XI 2.0 did not provide <br/>
XIGrabModeAsync or XIGrabModeSync. Use GrabModeSync and
<br/>
GrabModeAsync instead, respectively.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XIAllowEvents.3.xhtml"><em>XIAllowEvents</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
