<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:58 2012 -->
<title>XILISTPROPERTIES</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XILISTPROPERTIES</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIListProperties
&minus; List a device&acute;s properties.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Atom*
XListProperties( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
int *nprops_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">deviceid <br/>
The device to list the properties for.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">nprops_return
<br/>
Specifies the number of Atoms returned.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
XIListProperties function returns a list of the properties
associated with the input device specified with deviceid.
Each device may have an arbitrary number of properties
attached, some of which were created by the driver and/or
server, others created by clients at runtime.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The client is
expected to free the list of properties using XFree.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIListProperties
can generate a BadDevice error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice An
invalid device was specified. The device does not exist.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XIChangeProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XIChangeProperty</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XIGetProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XIGetProperty</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XIDeleteProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XIDeleteProperty</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
