<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:58 2012 -->
<title>XINERAMA</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XINERAMA</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">FUNCTIONS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">NOTE</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xinerama
&minus; API for Xinerama extension to X11 Protocol</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xinerama.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XineramaQueryExtension (Display *<i>dpy</i>,</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="85%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int *<i>event_base_return</i>, int
*<i>error_base_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XineramaQueryVersion (Display *<i>dpy</i>,</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="92%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int *<i>major_version_return</i>,</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int *<i>minor_version_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XineramaIsActive (Display *<i>dpy</i>);</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XineramaScreenInfo
* XineramaQueryScreens (Display *<i>dpy</i>,</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="92%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int *<i>number</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Specifies the connection to the
X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_base_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the return location
for the assigned base event code</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>error_base_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the return location
for the assigned base error code</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>major_version_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the major version
supported by the server</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>minor_version_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the minor version
supported by the server</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>number</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Returns the number of entries in the returned
XineramaScreenInfo array.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>Xinerama</b>
is a simple library designed to interface the Xinerama
Extension for retrieving information about physical output
devices which may be combined into a single logical X
screen.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">FUNCTIONS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XineramaQueryExtension()</b>
<br/>
The XineramaQueryExtension function queries the Xserver to
determine the availability of the Xinerama Extension. If the
extension is available, the return value is True, and
event_base_return and error_base_return are set to the base
event number and base error number for the extension,
respectively. Otherwise, the return value is False, and the
values of event_base_return and error_base_return are
undefined.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XineramaQueryVersion()</b>
<br/>
The XineramaQueryVersion function returns the version of the
Xinerama extension implemented by the Xserver. The version
is returned in major_version_return and
minor_version_return. The major version will be incremented
for protocol incompatible changes, and the minor version
will be incremented for small, upwardly compatible
changes.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the Xinerama
library is compatible with the version returned by the
server, it returns nonzero. If the server does not support
the XINERAMA extension, or if there was an error during
communications with the server, or if the server and library
protocol versions are incompatible, it returns zero.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XineramaIsActive()</b>
<br/>
The XineramaIsActive function returns a Boolean operator
used to determine if Xinerama is activated on the screen.
Returns True for active and False for not active.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XineramaQueryScreens()</b>
<br/>
The <b>XineramaQueryScreens()</b> function returns info
about each individual output device within the Xinerama
Screen. The integer pointed to by the <i>number</i> argument
is updated to the number of output devices listed in the
returned array of <i>XineramaScreenInfo</i> structures.
<b>XineramaQueryScreens()</b> returns NULL and sets
<i>number</i> to 0 if Xinerama is not active.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The pointer
returned should be released with <a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a> when no longer
needed.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">NOTE
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The original
API provided for interacting with the XINERAMA extension
used function names beginning with <i>XPanoramiX</i>. That
API is now deprecated and this API should be used instead in
new software.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
