<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:38:19 2012 -->
<title>XCreateImage</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XCreateImage</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XInitImage,
XCreateImage, XGetPixel, XPutPixel, XSubImage, XAddPixel,
XDestroyImage &minus; image utilities</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XInitImage(XImage
*<i>image</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XImage *XCreateImage(Display
*<i>display</i>, Visual *<i>visual</i>, unsigned int
<i>depth</i>, int <i>format</i>, int <i>offset</i>, char
*<i>data</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>, unsigned int
<i>height</i>, int <i>bitmap_pad</i>, int
<i>bytes_per_line</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">unsigned long XGetPixel(XImage
*<i>ximage</i>, int <i>x</i>, int <i>y</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XPutPixel(XImage
*<i>ximage</i>, int <i>x</i>, int <i>y</i>, unsigned long
<i>pixel</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XImage *XSubImage(XImage
*<i>ximage</i>, int <i>x</i>, int <i>y</i>, unsigned int
<i>subimage_width</i>, unsigned int
<i>subimage_height</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XAddPixel(XImage
*<i>ximage</i>, long <i>value</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XDestroyImage(XImage
*<i>ximage</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>bitmap_pad</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the quantum of a
scanline (8, 16, or 32). In other words, the start of one
scanline is separated in client memory from the start of the
next scanline by an integer multiple of this many bits.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>bytes_per_line</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of bytes
in the client image between the start of one scanline and
the start of the next.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>data</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the image data.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>depth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the depth of the image.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>format</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the format for the image. You can pass
<i>XYBitmap</i>, <i>XYPixmap</i>, or <i>ZPixmap</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the height of the image, in pixels.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>offset</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of pixels to ignore at the
beginning of the scanline.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>pixel</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the new pixel value.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>subimage_height</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the height of the new
subimage, in pixels.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>subimage_width</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the width of the new
subimage, in pixels.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>value</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the constant value that is to be added.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>visual</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the <i>Visual</i> structure.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the width of the image, in pixels.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ximage</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the image.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XInitImage</i> function initializes the internal image
manipulation routines of an image structure, based on the
values of the various structure members. All fields other
than the manipulation routines must already be initialized.
If the bytes_per_line member is zero, <i>XInitImage</i> will
assume the image data is contiguous in memory and set the
bytes_per_line member to an appropriate value based on the
other members; otherwise, the value of bytes_per_line is not
changed. All of the manipulation routines are initialized to
functions that other Xlib image manipulation functions need
to operate on the type of image specified by the rest of the
structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
must be called for any image constructed by the client
before passing it to any other Xlib function. Image
structures created or returned by Xlib do not need to be
initialized in this fashion.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
returns a nonzero status if initialization of the structure
is successful. It returns zero if it detected some error or
inconsistency in the structure, in which case the image is
not changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCreateImage</i> function allocates the memory needed for
an <i>XImage</i> structure for the specified display but
does not allocate space for the image itself. Rather, it
initializes the structure byte-order, bit-order, and
bitmap-unit values from the display and returns a pointer to
the <i>XImage</i> structure. The red, green, and blue mask
values are defined for Z format images only and are derived
from the <i>Visual</i> structure passed in. Other values
also are passed in. The offset permits the rapid displaying
of the image without requiring each scanline to be shifted
into position. If you pass a zero value in bytes_per_line,
Xlib assumes that the scanlines are contiguous in memory and
calculates the value of bytes_per_line itself.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that when
the image is created using <i>XCreateImage</i>,
<i>XGetImage</i>, or <i>XSubImage</i>, the destroy procedure
that the <i>XDestroyImage</i> function calls frees both the
image structure and the data pointed to by the image
structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The basic
functions used to get a pixel, set a pixel, create a
subimage, and add a constant value to an image are defined
in the image object. The functions in this section are
really macro invocations of the functions in the image
object and are defined in &lt;<i>X11/Xutil.h</i>&gt;.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetPixel</i> function returns the specified pixel from
the named image. The pixel value is returned in normalized
format (that is, the least significant byte of the long is
the least significant byte of the pixel). The image must
contain the x and y coordinates.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XPutPixel</i> function overwrites the pixel in the named
image with the specified pixel value. The input pixel value
must be in normalized format (that is, the least significant
byte of the long is the least significant byte of the
pixel). The image must contain the x and y coordinates.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSubImage</i> function creates a new image that is a
subsection of an existing one. It allocates the memory
necessary for the new <i>XImage</i> structure and returns a
pointer to the new image. The data is copied from the source
image, and the image must contain the rectangle defined by
x, y, subimage_width, and subimage_height.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XAddPixel</i> function adds a constant value to every
pixel in an image. It is useful when you have a base pixel
value from allocating color resources and need to manipulate
the image to that form.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDestroyImage</i> function deallocates the memory
associated with the <i>XImage</i> structure.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XPutImage</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
