<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:08 2012 -->
<title>XInitThreads</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XInitThreads</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XInitThreads,
XLockDisplay, XUnlockDisplay &minus; multi-threading
support</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="58%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XInitThreads(void);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XLockDisplay(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XUnlockDisplay(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XInitThreads</i> function initializes Xlib support for
concurrent threads. This function must be the first Xlib
function a multi-threaded program calls, and it must
complete before any other Xlib call is made. This function
returns a nonzero status if initialization was successful;
otherwise, it returns zero. On systems that do not support
threads, this function always returns zero.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">It is only
necessary to call this function if multiple threads might
use Xlib concurrently. If all calls to Xlib functions are
protected by some other access mechanism (for example, a
mutual exclusion lock in a toolkit or through explicit
client programming), Xlib thread initialization is not
required. It is recommended that single-threaded programs
not call this function.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XLockDisplay</i> function locks out all other threads
from using the specified display. Other threads attempting
to use the display will block until the display is unlocked
by this thread. Nested calls to <i>XLockDisplay</i> work
correctly; the display will not actually be unlocked until
<i>XUnlockDisplay</i> has been called the same number of
times as <i>XLockDisplay</i>. This function has no effect
unless Xlib was successfully initialized for threads using
<i>XInitThreads</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XUnlockDisplay</i> function allows other threads to use
the specified display again. Any threads that have blocked
on the display are allowed to continue. Nested locking works
correctly; if <i>XLockDisplay</i> has been called multiple
times by a thread, then <i>XUnlockDisplay</i> must be called
an equal number of times before the display is actually
unlocked. This function has no effect unless Xlib was
successfully initialized for threads using
<i>XInitThreads</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Xlib &minus;
C Language X Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
