<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:34 2012 -->
<title>XInstallColormap</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XInstallColormap</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XInstallColormap,
XUninstallColormap, XListInstalledColormaps &minus; control
colormaps</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XInstallColormap(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XUninstallColormap(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Colormap
*XListInstalledColormaps(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, int *<i>num_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of currently
installed colormaps.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window that determines the screen.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XInstallColormap</i> function installs the specified
colormap for its associated screen. All windows associated
with this colormap immediately display with true colors. You
associated the windows with this colormap when you created
them by calling <i>XCreateWindow</i>,
<i>XCreateSimpleWindow</i>, <i>XChangeWindowAttributes</i>,
or <i>XSetWindowColormap</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
specified colormap is not already an installed colormap, the
X server generates a <i>ColormapNotify</i> event on each
window that has that colormap. In addition, for every other
colormap that is installed as a result of a call to
<i>XInstallColormap</i>, the X server generates a
<i>ColormapNotify</i> event on each window that has that
colormap.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XInstallColormap</i>
can generate a <i>BadColor</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XUninstallColormap</i> function removes the specified
colormap from the required list for its screen. As a result,
the specified colormap might be uninstalled, and the X
server might implicitly install or uninstall additional
colormaps. Which colormaps get installed or uninstalled is
server dependent except that the required list must remain
installed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
specified colormap becomes uninstalled, the X server
generates a <i>ColormapNotify</i> event on each window that
has that colormap. In addition, for every other colormap
that is installed or uninstalled as a result of a call to
<i>XUninstallColormap</i>, the X server generates a
<i>ColormapNotify</i> event on each window that has that
colormap.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XUninstallColormap</i>
can generate a <i>BadColor</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XListInstalledColormaps</i> function returns a list of
the currently installed colormaps for the screen of the
specified window. The order of the colormaps in the list is
not significant and is no explicit indication of the
required list. When the allocated list is no longer needed,
free it by using <i>XFree</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XListInstalledColormaps</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadColor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for a Colormap argument
does not name a defined Colormap.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeWindowAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCreateColormap.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateColormap</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
