<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:32 2012 -->
<title>XInternAtom</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XInternAtom</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XInternAtom,
XInternAtoms, XGetAtomName, XGetAtomNames &minus; create or
return atom names</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Atom XInternAtom(Display
*<i>display</i>, char *<i>atom_name</i>, Bool
<i>only_if_exists</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XInternAtoms(Display
*<i>display</i>, char **<i>names</i>, int <i>count</i>, Bool
<i>only_if_exists</i>, Atom *<i>atoms_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XGetAtomName(Display
*<i>display</i>, Atom <i>atom</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XGetAtomNames(Display
*<i>display</i>, Atom *<i>atoms</i>, int <i>count</i>, char
**<i>names_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>atom</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the atom for the property name you want
returned.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>atoms</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the array of atoms.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>atom_name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the name associated with the atom you want
returned.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>atoms_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the atoms.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>count</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of atom names in the array.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>count</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of atoms in the array.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>names</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the array of atom names.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>names_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the atom names.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>only_if_exists</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a Boolean value that
indicates whether the atom must be created.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XInternAtom</i> function returns the atom identifier
associated with the specified atom_name string. If
only_if_exists is <i>False</i>, the atom is created if it
does not exist. Therefore, <i>XInternAtom</i> can return
<i>None</i>. If the atom name is not in the Host Portable
Character Encoding, the result is implementation-dependent.
Uppercase and lowercase matter; the strings
&lsquo;&lsquo;thing&rsquo;&rsquo;,
&lsquo;&lsquo;Thing&rsquo;&rsquo;, and
&lsquo;&lsquo;thinG&rsquo;&rsquo; all designate different
atoms. The atom will remain defined even after the
client&rsquo;s connection closes. It will become undefined
only when the last connection to the X server closes.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XInternAtom</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XInternAtoms</i> function returns the atom identifiers
associated with the specified names. The atoms are stored in
the atoms_return array supplied by the caller. Calling this
function is equivalent to calling <i>XInternAtom</i> for
each of the names in turn with the specified value of
only_if_exists, but this function minimizes the number of
round-trip protocol exchanges between the client and the X
server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
returns a nonzero status if atoms are returned for all of
the names; otherwise, it returns zero.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XInternAtoms</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetAtomName</i> function returns the name associated
with the specified atom. If the data returned by the server
is in the Latin Portable Character Encoding, then the
returned string is in the Host Portable Character Encoding.
Otherwise, the result is implementation-dependent. To free
the resulting string, call <i>XFree</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetAtomName</i>
can generate a <i>BadAtom</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetAtomNames</i> function returns the names associated
with the specified atoms. The names are stored in the
names_return array supplied by the caller. Calling this
function is equivalent to calling <i>XGetAtomName</i> for
each of the atoms in turn, but this function minimizes the
number of round-trip protocol exchanges between the client
and the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
returns a nonzero status if names are returned for all of
the atoms; otherwise, it returns zero.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetAtomNames</i>
can generate a <i>BadAtom</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadAtom</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for an Atom argument does not name a defined
Atom.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XGetWindowProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XGetWindowProperty</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
