<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:32 2012 -->
<title>XIQUERYVERSION</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XIQUERYVERSION</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">EXAMPLES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIQueryVersion
&minus; announce and query the support XI2 version.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XIQueryVersion( Display *display, <br/>
int *major_version_inout, <br/>
int *minor_version_inout);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">major_version_inout
<br/>
Specifies the client&acute;s supported XI2 version, and
<br/>
returns the server&acute;s supported version.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">minor_version_inout
<br/>
Specifies the client&acute;s supported XI2 version, and
<br/>
returns the server&acute;s supported version.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIQueryVersion
announces the client&acute;s supported XI2 version to <br/>
the server and returns server&acute;s supported X Input
version. Clients <br/>
are required to use XIQueryVersion instead of
XGetExtensionVersion <br/>
if they use XI2 calls. The server may treat a client
differently <br/>
depending on the supported version announced by the client.
<br/>
The major_version_inout must be 2 or greater, otherwise a
BadValue <br/>
error occurs.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the server
does not support XI2, XIQueryVersion returns BadRequest
<br/>
to the client. Otherwise, XIQueryVersion returns Success. In
both <br/>
cases major_version_inout and minor_version_inout are set to
the <br/>
server&acute;s supported version.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIQueryVersion
can generate a BadValue error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">EXAMPLES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">int rc; <br/>
int major = 2; <br/>
int minor = 0;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">rc =
XIQueryVersion(dpy, &amp;major, &amp;minor); <br/>
if (rc == Success) <br/>
printf(&quot;XI2 supported. (%d.%d)\n&quot;, major, minor);
<br/>
else if (rc == BadRequest) <br/>
printf(&quot;No XI2 support. (%d.%d only)\n&quot;, major,
minor); <br/>
else <br/>
printf(&quot;Internal error\n&quot;);</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
A value is outside of the permitted range.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
