<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:13 2012 -->
<title>XIQUERYPOINTER</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XIQUERYPOINTER</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIQueryPointer
&minus; get device pointer coordinates.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XIQueryPointer( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
Window win, <br/>
Window *root_return, <br/>
Window *child_return, <br/>
double *root_x_return, <br/>
double *root_y_return, <br/>
double *win_x_return, <br/>
double *win_y_return, <br/>
XIButtonState *buttons_return, <br/>
XIModifierState *modifiers_return, <br/>
XIGroupState *group_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">buttons_return
<br/>
Returns the current button state.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">child_return
<br/>
Returns the child window that the pointer is located in,
<br/>
if any.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">deviceid <br/>
Specifies the device to query.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">group_return
<br/>
Returns the current group state.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">modifiers_return
<br/>
Returns the current state of the modifier keys.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">root_return
<br/>
Returns the root window that the pointer is in.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">root_x_return,
root_y_return <br/>
Return the pointer coordinates relative to the root <br/>
window&acute;s origin.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">win <br/>
Specifies the window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">win_x_return,
win_y_return <br/>
Return the pointer coordinates relative to the specified
<br/>
window.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XIQueryPointer function returns the root window the <br/>
device&acute;s pointer is logically on and the pointer
coordinates <br/>
relative to the root window&acute;s origin. If
XIQueryPointer returns <br/>
False, the pointer is not on the same screen as the
specified <br/>
window, and XIQueryPointer returns None to child_return and
<br/>
zero to win_x_return and win_y_return. If XIQueryPointer
<br/>
returns True, the pointer coordinates returned to
win_x_return <br/>
and win_y_return are relative to the origin of the specified
<br/>
window. In this case, XIQueryPointer returns the child that
<br/>
contains the pointer, if any, or else None to
child_return.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIQueryPointer
returns the current logical state of the buttons <br/>
buttons_return. The keyboard paired with the master pointer
is <br/>
selected to obtain the data for modifiers_return and <br/>
group_return.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The mask field
in buttons_return is dynamically allocated and <br/>
must be freed by the caller.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIQueryPointer
is identical to XQueryPointer but specifies the <br/>
device explicitly.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIQueryPointer
can generate a BadDevice and a BadWindow error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist or is not a pointer device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
window.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XQueryPointer.3.xhtml"><em>XQueryPointer</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
