<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:19 2012 -->
<title>XISETCLIENTPOINTER</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XISETCLIENTPOINTER</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XISetClientPointer,
XIGetClientPointer &minus; set or get the ClientPointer
device.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XISetClientPointer(
Display *display, <br/>
Window win, <br/>
int deviceid);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XIGetClientPointer( Display *display, <br/>
Window win, <br/>
int *device);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">win <br/>
Specifies a window belonging to the client. May be None.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">deviceid <br/>
Specifies the ClientPointer device.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
ClientPointer is the device that is percieved to be the
<br/>
core pointer for non&minus;XI protocol requests and replies.
Each <br/>
time a protocol message needs device&minus;dependent data
and the <br/>
device is not explicitly given, the ClientPointer device is
<br/>
used to obtain the data. For example, a XQueryPointer
request <br/>
will return the coordinates of the ClientPointer.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XISetClientPointer
request sets the ClientPointer device for <br/>
the client that owns the given window. If win is None, the
<br/>
requesting client&acute;s ClientPointer is set to the device
<br/>
specified with deviceid. Only master pointer devices can be
set <br/>
as ClientPointer.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XISetClientPointer
and can generate a BadDevice and a BadWindow <br/>
error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XIGetClientPointer request returns the ClientPointer&acute;s
<br/>
device ID for the client that owns the given window. If win
is <br/>
None, the requesting client&acute;s ClientPointer is
returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">win may be a
client ID instead of a window.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIGetClientPointer
can generate a BadWindow error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist or is not a master pointer device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
 window.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
