<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:40 2012 -->
<title>XISETFOCUS</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XISETFOCUS</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XISetFocus,
XIGetFocus &minus; set or get the device&acute;s focus.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XISetFocus( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
Window focus, <br/>
Time time);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XIGetFocus( Display *display, <br/>
Window *focus_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">deviceid <br/>
Specifies the device whose focus is to be queried or <br/>
changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">focus <br/>
The new focus window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">focus_return
<br/>
Returns the current focus window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">time <br/>
A valid timestamp or CurrentTime.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XISetFocus
changes the focus of the specified device ans its <br/>
last&minus;focus&minus;change time. It has no effect if the
specified time <br/>
is earlier than the current last&minus;focus&minus;change
time or is later <br/>
than the current X server time. Otherwise, the <br/>
last&minus;focus&minus;change time is set to the specified
time. <br/>
CurrentTime is replaced by the current X server time). <br/>
XISetFocus causes the X server to generate core, XI and XI2
<br/>
focus events.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the focus
window is None all keyboard events by this device <br/>
are discarded until a new focus window is set. Otherwise, if
<br/>
focus is a window, it becomes the device&acute;s focus
window. If a <br/>
generated device event would normally be reported to this
<br/>
window or one of its inferiors, the event is reported as
usual. <br/>
Otherwise, the event is reported relative to the focus
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The specified
focus window must be viewable at the time <br/>
XISetFocus is called, or a BadMatch error results. If the
focus <br/>
window later becomes not viewable, the focus reverts to the
<br/>
parent (or the closest viewable ancestor. When the focus
<br/>
reverts, the X server generates core, XI and XI2 focus
events <br/>
but the last&minus;focus&minus;change time is not
affected.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">Attempting to
set the focus on a master pointer device or an <br/>
attached slave device will result in a BadDevice error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XISetFocus can
generate BadDevice, BadMatch, BadValue, and <br/>
BadWindow errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
A value is outside of the permitted range.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist or is not a appropriate for the type of change.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadMatch <br/>
The window is not viewable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
 Window.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
