<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:08 2012 -->
<title>XISELECTEVENTS</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XISELECTEVENTS</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XISelectEvents,
XIGetSelectedEvents &minus; select for or get selected XI2
events on the window.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XISelectEvents( Display *display, <br/>
Window win, <br/>
XIEventMask *masks, <br/>
int num_masks);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">masks <br/>
Device event mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">num_masks <br/>
Number of masks in masks.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">win <br/>
Specifies the window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIEventMask
*XIGetSelectedEvents( Display *display, <br/>
Window win, <br/>
int *num_masks_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">num_masks_return
<br/>
Number of masks in the return value.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">win <br/>
Specifies the window.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XI2 events must
be selected using XISelectEvents.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XISelectEvents
sets the event mask for this client on win. <br/>
Further events are only reported to this client if the event
<br/>
type matches the selected event mask. The masks overrides
the <br/>
previously selected event mask for the given device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If deviceid is
a valid device, the event mask is selected only <br/>
for this device. If deviceid is XIAllDevices or <br/>
XIAllMasterDevices, the event mask is selected for all
devices <br/>
or all master devices, respectively. The effective event
mask <br/>
is the bit&minus;wise OR of the XIAllDevices,
XIAllMasterDevices and <br/>
the respective device&acute;s event mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
int deviceid; <br/>
int mask_len; <br/>
unsigned char* mask; <br/>
} XIEventMask;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The mask_len
specifies the length of mask in bytes. mask is a <br/>
binary mask in the form of (1 &lt;&lt; event type). deviceid
must be <br/>
either a device or XIAllDevices or XIAllMasterDevices. A
client <br/>
may submit several masks with the same deviceid in one
request <br/>
but only the last mask will be effective.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XISelectEvents
can generate a BadValue, a BadDevice, and a <br/>
BadWindow error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIGetSelectedEvents
returns the events selected by this client on the given
<br/>
window. If no events were selected on this window,
XIGetSelectedEvents <br/>
returns NULL and num_masks_return is set to 0. If an
internal error occurs, <br/>
XIGetSelectedEvents returns NULL and num_masks_return is set
to &minus;1. <br/>
Otherwise, XIGetSelectedEvent returns the selected event
masks for all <br/>
devices including the masks for XIAllDevices and
XIAllMasterDevices</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The caller must
free the returned data using XFree().</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
A value is outside of the permitted range.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
 exist.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
