<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:01 2012 -->
<title>XIWARPPOINTER</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XIWARPPOINTER</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XIWarpPointer
&minus; move a device&acute;s pointer.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput2.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XIWarpPointer( Display *display, <br/>
int deviceid, <br/>
Window src_w, <br/>
Window dest_w, <br/>
double src_x, <br/>
double src_y, <br/>
int src_width, <br/>
int src_height, <br/>
double dest_x, <br/>
double dest_y);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">dest_w <br/>
Specifies the destination window or None.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">dest_x, dest_y
<br/>
Specify the x and y coordinates within the destination <br/>
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">deviceid <br/>
Specifies the master pointer device or floating slave <br/>
device to move.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">src_x, src_y,
src_width, src_height <br/>
Specify a rectangle in the source window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">src_w <br/>
Specifies the source window or None.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If dest_w is
None, XIWarpPointer moves the pointer by the <br/>
offsets (dest_x, dest_y) relative to the current position of
<br/>
the pointer. If dest_w is a window, XIWarpPointer moves the
<br/>
pointer to the offsets (dest_x, dest_y) relative to the
origin <br/>
of dest_w. However, if src_w is a window, the move only
takes <br/>
place if the window src_w contains the pointer and if the
<br/>
specified rectangle of src_w contains the pointer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The src_x and
src_y coordinates are relative to the origin of <br/>
src_w. If src_height is zero, it is replaced with the
current <br/>
height of src_w minus src_y. If src_width is zero, it is
<br/>
replaced with the current width of src_w minus src_x.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">There is seldom
any reason for calling this function. The <br/>
pointer should normally be left to the user. If you do use
this <br/>
function, however, it generates events just as if the user
had <br/>
instantaneously moved the pointer from one position to
another. <br/>
Note that you cannot use XIWarpPointer to move the pointer
<br/>
outside the confine_to window of an active pointer grab. An
<br/>
attempt to do so will only move the pointer as far as the
<br/>
closest edge of the confine_to window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIWarpPointer
is identical to XWarpPointer but specifies the <br/>
device explicitly.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XIWarpPointer
can generate a BadDevice and a BadWindow error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The device does not <br/>
exist or is not a pointer device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
window.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XWarpPointer.3.xhtml"><em>XWarpPointer</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
