<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:28 2012 -->
<title>XkbAddGeomColor</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbAddGeomColor</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbAddGeomColor
&minus; Add one color name to an existing keyboard geometry
description</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="41%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbColorPtr
XkbAddGeomColor</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbGeometryPtr</b>
<i>geom</i><b>, char *</b><i>spec</i><b>, unsigned</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>int</b>
<i>pixel</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="33%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; geom</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">geometry to be updated</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; spec</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>color to be added</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; pixel</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">color to be added</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
functions to add a single new element to the top-level
keyboard geometry. In each case the <i>num_ *</i> fields of
the corresponding structure is incremented by 1. These
functions do not change <i>sz_*</i> unless there is no more
room in the array. Some of these functions fill in the
values of the element&rsquo;s structure from the arguments.
For other functions, you must explicitly write code to fill
the structure&rsquo;s elements.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The top-level
geometry description includes a list of <i>geometry
properties.</i> A geometry property associates an arbitrary
string with an equally arbitrary name. Programs that display
images of keyboards can use geometry properties as hints,
but they are not interpreted by Xkb. No other geometry
structures refer to geometry properties.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbAddGeomColor</i>
adds the specified color <i>name</i> and <i>pixel</i> to the
specified geometry <i>geom.</i> The top-level geometry
description includes a list of up to MaxColors (32) <i>color
names.</i> A color <i>name</i> is a string whose
interpretation is not specified by Xkb and neither is the
<i>pixel</i> value&rsquo;s interpretation. All other
geometry data structures refer to colors using their indices
in this global list or pointers to colors in this list.
<i>XkbAddGeomColor</i> returns NULL if any of the parameters
is empty or if it was not able to allocate space for the
color. To allocate space for an arbitrary number of colors
to a geometry, use the <i>XkbAllocGeomColors</i>
function.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbColor { <br/>
unsigned int pixel; /&lowast; color */ <br/>
char * spec; /&lowast; color name */ <br/>
} XkbColorRec,*XkbColorPtr;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbAllocGeomColors.3.xhtml"><em>XkbAllocGeomColors</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
