<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:10 2012 -->
<title>XkbAddGeomOverlay</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbAddGeomOverlay</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbAddGeomOverlay
&minus; Add one overlay to a section</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbOverlayPtr
XkbAddGeomOverlay</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbSectionPtr</b>
<i>section</i><b>, Atom</b> <i>name</i><b>, int</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>sz_rows</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
section</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">section to which an overlay
will be added</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>name of the overlay</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; sz_rows</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of rows to reserve in
the overlay</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
functions to add a single new element to the top-level
keyboard geometry. In each case the <i>num_ *</i> fields of
the corresponding structure is incremented by 1. These
functions do not change <i>sz_*</i> unless there is no more
room in the array. Some of these functions fill in the
values of the element&rsquo;s structure from the arguments.
For other functions, you must explicitly write code to fill
the structure&rsquo;s elements.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The top-level
geometry description includes a list of <i>geometry
properties.</i> A geometry property associates an arbitrary
string with an equally arbitrary name. Programs that display
images of keyboards can use geometry properties as hints,
but they are not interpreted by Xkb. No other geometry
structures refer to geometry properties.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbAddGeomOverlay</i>
adds an overlay with the specified name to the specified
<i>section.</i> The new overlay is created with space
allocated for <i>sz_rows</i> rows. If an overlay with name
<i>name</i> already exists in the section, a pointer to the
existing overlay is returned. <i>XkbAddGeomOverlay</i>
returns NULL if any of the parameters is empty or if it was
not able to allocate space for the overlay. To allocate
space for an arbitrary number of overlays to a section, use
the <i>XkbAllocGeomOverlay</i> function.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbOverlayRec { <br/>
Atom name; /&lowast; overlay name */ <br/>
XkbSectionPtr section_under; /&lowast; the section under
this overlay */ <br/>
unsigned short num_rows; /&lowast; number of rows in the
rows array */ <br/>
unsigned short sz_rows; /&lowast; size of the rows array */
<br/>
XkbOverlayRowPtr rows; /&lowast; array of rows in the
overlay */ <br/>
XkbBoundsPtr bounds; /&lowast; bounding box for the overlay
*/ <br/>
} XkbOverlayRec,*XkbOverlayPtr;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlay.3.xhtml"><em>XkbAllocGeomOverlay</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
