<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:38 2012 -->
<title>XkbAddGeomDoodad</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbAddGeomDoodad</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbAddGeomDoodad
&minus; Add one doodad to a section of a keyboard geometry
or to the top-level geometry</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbDoodadPtr
XkbAddGeomDoodad</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbGeometryPtr</b>
<i>geom</i><b>, XkbSectionPtr</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>section</i><b>, Atom</b>
<i>name</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="56%"></col>
<col width="22%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; geom</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">geometry to which the doodad is
added</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; section</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">section, if any, to which the
doodad is added</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="33%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>name of the new doodad</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
functions to add a single new element to the top-level
keyboard geometry. In each case the <i>num_ *</i> fields of
the corresponding structure is incremented by 1. These
functions do not change <i>sz_*</i> unless there is no more
room in the array. Some of these functions fill in the
values of the element&rsquo;s structure from the arguments.
For other functions, you must explicitly write code to fill
the structure&rsquo;s elements.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The top-level
geometry description includes a list of <i>geometry
properties.</i> A geometry property associates an arbitrary
string with an equally arbitrary name. Programs that display
images of keyboards can use geometry properties as hints,
but they are not interpreted by Xkb. No other geometry
structures refer to geometry properties.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A <i>doodad</i>
describes some visible aspect of the keyboard that is not a
key and is not a section. <i>XkbAddGeomDoodad</i> adds a
doodad with name specified by <i>name</i> to the geometry
<i>geom</i> if <i>section</i> is NULL or to the section of
the geometry specified by <i>section</i> if <i>section</i>
is not NULL. <i>XkbAddGeomDoodad</i> returns NULL if any of
the parameters is empty or if it was not able to allocate
space for the doodad. If there is already a doodad with the
name <i>name</i> in the doodad array for the geometry (if
<i>section</i> is NULL) or the section (if <i>section</i> is
non-NULL), a pointer to that doodad is returned. To allocate
space for an arbitrary number of doodads to a section, use
the <i>XkbAllocGeomSectionDoodads</i> function. To allocate
space for an arbitrary number of doodads to a keyboard
geometry, use the <i>XkbAllocGeomDoodads</i> function.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef union
_XkbDoodad { <br/>
XkbAnyDoodadRec any; <br/>
XkbShapeDoodadRec shape; <br/>
XkbTextDoodadRec text; <br/>
XkbIndicatorDoodadRec indicator; <br/>
XkbLogoDoodadRec logo; <br/>
} XkbDoodadRec, *XkbDoodadPtr;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbAllocGeomDoodads.3.xhtml"><em>XkbAllocGeomDoodads</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbAllocGeomSectionDoodads.3.xhtml"><em>XkbAllocGeomSectionDoodads</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
