<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:50 2012 -->
<title>XkbAddGeomOverlayRow</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbAddGeomOverlayRow</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbAddGeomOverlayRow
&minus; Add a row to an existing overlay</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="57%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbOverlayRowPtr
XkbAddGeomOverlayRow</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbOverlayPtr</b>
<i>overlay</i><b>, XkbRowPtr</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>row_under</i><b>, int</b>
<i>sz_keys</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
overlay</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">overlay to be updated</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; row_under</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">row to be overlayed in the
section overlay overlays</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; sz_keys</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of keys to reserve in
the row</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
functions to add a single new element to the top-level
keyboard geometry. In each case the <i>num_ *</i> fields of
the corresponding structure is incremented by 1. These
functions do not change <i>sz_*</i> unless there is no more
room in the array. Some of these functions fill in the
values of the element&rsquo;s structure from the arguments.
For other functions, you must explicitly write code to fill
the structure&rsquo;s elements.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The top-level
geometry description includes a list of <i>geometry
properties.</i> A geometry property associates an arbitrary
string with an equally arbitrary name. Programs that display
images of keyboards can use geometry properties as hints,
but they are not interpreted by Xkb. No other geometry
structures refer to geometry properties.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbAddGeomOverlayRow</i>
adds one row to the <i>overlay.</i> The new row contains
space for <i>sz_keys</i> keys. If <i>row_under</i> specifies
a row that doesn&rsquo;t exist on the underlying section,
<i>XkbAddGeomOverlayRow</i> returns NULL and doesn&rsquo;t
change the overlay. <i>XkbAddGeomOverlayRow</i> returns NULL
if any of the parameters is empty or if it was not able to
allocate space for the overlay.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbOverlayRow { <br/>
unsigned short row_under; /&lowast; index into the row under
this overlay row */ <br/>
unsigned short num_keys; /&lowast; number of keys in the
keys array */ <br/>
unsigned short sz_keys; /&lowast; size of the keys array */
<br/>
XkbOverlayKeyPtr keys; /&lowast; array of keys in the
overlay row */ <br/>
} XkbOverlayRowRec,*XkbOverlayRowPtr;</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
