<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:59 2012 -->
<title>XkbAddGeomOverlayKey</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbAddGeomOverlayKey</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbAddGeomOverlayKey
&minus; Add a key to an existing overlay row</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="57%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbOverlayKeyPtr
XkbAddGeomOverlayKey</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbOverlayPtr</b>
<i>overlay</i><b>, XkbRowPtr</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>row</i><b>, char
*</b><i>under</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
overlay</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">overlay to be updated</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="35%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; row</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>row in overlay to be updated</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; under</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">primary name of the key to be
considered</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
functions to add a single new element to the top-level
keyboard geometry. In each case the <i>num_ *</i> fields of
the corresponding structure is incremented by 1. These
functions do not change <i>sz_*</i> unless there is no more
room in the array. Some of these functions fill in the
values of the element&rsquo;s structure from the arguments.
For other functions, you must explicitly write code to fill
the structure&rsquo;s elements.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The top-level
geometry description includes a list of <i>geometry
properties.</i> A geometry property associates an arbitrary
string with an equally arbitrary name. Programs that display
images of keyboards can use geometry properties as hints,
but they are not interpreted by Xkb. No other geometry
structures refer to geometry properties.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbAddGeomOverlayKey</i>
adds one key to the <i>row</i> in the <i>overlay.</i> If
there is no key named <i>under</i> in the row of the
underlying section, <i>XkbAddGeomOverlayKey</i> returns
NULL.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbOverlayKey { <br/>
XkbKeyNameRec over; /&lowast; name of this overlay key */
<br/>
XkbKeyNameRec under; /&lowast; name of the key under this
overlay key */ <br/>
} XkbOverlayKeyRec,*XkbOverlayKeyPtr;</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
