<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:18 2012 -->
<title>XkbAddGeomRow</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbAddGeomRow</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbAddGeomRow
&minus; Add a row to a section</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="35%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="52%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbRowPtr
XkbAddGeomRow</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbSectionPtr</b>
<i>section</i><b>, int</b> <i>sz_keys</i><b>);</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
section</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">section to be updated</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; sz_keys</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of keys to be
reserved</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
functions to add a single new element to the top-level
keyboard geometry. In each case the <i>num_ *</i> fields of
the corresponding structure is incremented by 1. These
functions do not change <i>sz_*</i> unless there is no more
room in the array. Some of these functions fill in the
values of the element&rsquo;s structure from the arguments.
For other functions, you must explicitly write code to fill
the structure&rsquo;s elements.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The top-level
geometry description includes a list of <i>geometry
properties.</i> A geometry property associates an arbitrary
string with an equally arbitrary name. Programs that display
images of keyboards can use geometry properties as hints,
but they are not interpreted by Xkb. No other geometry
structures refer to geometry properties.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">One of the
components of a keyboard geometry section is one or more
rows of keys. <i>XkbAddGeomRow</i> adds one row to the
specified <i>section.</i> The newly created row contains
space for the number of keys specified in <i>sz_keys.</i>
They are allocated and zeroed, but otherwise uninitialized.
<i>XkbAddGeomRow</i> returns NULL if any of the parameters
is empty or if it was not able to allocate space for the
row. To allocate space for an arbitrary number of rows to a
section, use the <i>XkbAllocGeomRows</i> function.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbRow { <br/>
short top; <br/>
short left; <br/>
unsigned short num_keys; <br/>
unsigned short sz_keys; <br/>
int vertical; <br/>
XkbKeyPtr keys; <br/>
XkbBoundsRec bounds; <br/>
} XkbRowRec, *XkbRowPtr;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbAllocGeomRows.3.xhtml"><em>XkbAllocGeomRows</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
