<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:06 2012 -->
<title>XkbAddGeomKeyAlias</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbAddGeomKeyAlias</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbAddGeomKeyAlias
&minus; Add one key alias to an existing keyboard geometry
description</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="51%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="37%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbKeyAliasPtr
XkbAddGeomKeyAlias</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbGeometryPtr</b>
<i>geom</i><b>, char *</b><i>alias</i><b>,</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>char
*</b><i>real</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="33%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; geom</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">geometry to be updated</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; alias</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">alias to be added</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="58%"></col>
<col width="20%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; real</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>real name to be bound to the new alias</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
functions to add a single new element to the top-level
keyboard geometry. In each case the <i>num_ *</i> fields of
the corresponding structure is incremented by 1. These
functions do not change <i>sz_*</i> unless there is no more
room in the array. Some of these functions fill in the
values of the element&rsquo;s structure from the arguments.
For other functions, you must explicitly write code to fill
the structure&rsquo;s elements.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The top-level
geometry description includes a list of <i>geometry
properties.</i> A geometry property associates an arbitrary
string with an equally arbitrary name. Programs that display
images of keyboards can use geometry properties as hints,
but they are not interpreted by Xkb. No other geometry
structures refer to geometry properties.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbAddGeomKeyAlias</i>
adds one key alias with the value <i>alias</i> to the
geometry <i>geom,</i> and associates it with the key whose
real name is <i>real. XkbAddGeomKeyAlias</i> returns NULL if
any of the parameters is empty or if it was not able to
allocate space for the alias. To allocate space for an
arbitrary number of aliases, use the
<i>XkbAllocGeomKeyAliases</i> function.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
char real[XkbKeyNameLength]; /&lowast; this key name must be
in the keys array */ <br/>
char alias[XkbKeyNameLength]; /&lowast; symbolic key name as
alias for the key */ <br/>
} XkbKeyAliasRec,*XkbKeyAliasPtr;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbAllocGeomKeyAliases.3.xhtml"><em>XkbAllocGeomKeyAliases</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
