<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:56 2012 -->
<title>XkbCopyKeyTypes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbCopyKeyTypes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbCopyKeyTypes
&minus; Copy more than one XkbKeyTypeRec structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="35%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="51%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Status
XkbCopyKeyTypes</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbKeyTypePtr</b>
<i>from</i><b>, XkbKeyTypePtr</b> <i>into</i><b>,
int</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_types</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="67%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; from</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">pointer to array of
XkbKeyTypeRecs to copy</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; into</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>pointer to array of XkbKeyTypeRecs to change</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; num_types</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of types to copy</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbCopyKeyTypes</i>
copies <i>num_types</i> XkbKeyTypeRec structures from the
array specified by <i>from</i> into the array specified by
<i>into.</i> It is intended for copying between, rather than
within, keyboard descriptions, so it doesn&rsquo;t check for
overlaps. The same rules that apply to the <i>from</i> and
<i>into</i> parameters in <i>XkbCopyKeyType</i> apply to
each entry of the <i>from</i> and <i>into</i> arrays of
<i>XkbCopyKeyTypes.</i> If any allocation errors occur while
copying <i>from</i> to <i>into, XkbCopyKeyTypes</i> returns
BadAlloc. Otherwise, <i>XkbCopyKeyTypes</i> copies
<i>from</i> to <i>into</i> and returns Success.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Success</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The XkbCopyKeyTypes function
returns Success when there are no allocation errors.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Key types are
used to determine the shift level of a key given the current
state of the keyboard. The set of all possible key types for
the Xkb keyboard description are held in the <i>types</i>
field of the client map, whose total size is stored in
<i>size_types,</i> and whose total number of valid entries
is stored in <i>num_types.</i> Key types are defined using
the following structure:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ /&lowast; Key Type */ <br/>
XkbModsRec mods; /&lowast; modifiers used to compute shift
level */ <br/>
unsigned char num_levels; /&lowast; total # shift levels, do
not modify <br/>
directly */ <br/>
unsigned char map_count; /&lowast; # entries in map,
preserve (if non-NULL) <br/>
*/ <br/>
XkbKTMapEntryPtr map; /&lowast; vector of modifiers for each
shift level <br/>
*/ <br/>
XkbModsPtr preserve; /&lowast; mods to preserve for
corresponding map <br/>
entry */ <br/>
Atom name; /&lowast; name of key type */ <br/>
Atom * level_names; /&lowast; array of names of each shift
level */ <br/>
} XkbKeyTypeRec, *XkbKeyTypePtr;</p>

<h2 id="heading7">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="26%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>BadAlloc</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Unable to allocate storage</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading8">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbCopyKeyType.3.xhtml"><em>XkbCopyKeyType</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
