<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:35 2012 -->
<title>XkbChangeIndicators</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbChangeIndicators</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbChangeIndicators
&minus; Changes indicator maps or state without passing the
entire keyboard description</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="41%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbChangeIndicators</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>,
XkbDescPtr</b> <i>xkb</i><b>,</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>XkbIndicatorChangesPtr</b>
<i>changes</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>state</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="78%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">connection to the X server</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; xkb</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>keyboard description from which names are to be
taken.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; changes</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">indicators to be updated on the
server</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; state</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">new state of indicators listed
in changes-&gt;state_changes</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
XkbIndicatorChangesRec identifies small modifications to the
indicator map. Use it with the function
<i>XkbChangeIndicators</i> to reduce the amount of traffic
sent to the server (see STRUCTURES).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>state_changes</i> field is a mask that specifies the
indicators that have changed state, and <i>map_changes</i>
is a mask that specifies the indicators whose maps have
changed.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbChangeIndicators</i>
copies any maps specified by <i>changes</i> from the
keyboard description, <i>xkb,</i> to the server specified by
<i>dpy.</i> If any bits are set in the <i>state_changes</i>
field of <i>changes, XkbChangeIndicators</i> also sets the
state of those indicators to the values specified in the
<i>state</i> mask. A 1 bit in <i>state</i> turns the
corresponding indicator on, a 0 bit turns it off.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In addition, it
can also generate XkbIndicatorStateNotify and
XkbIndicatorMapNotify events.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Whenever an
indicator changes state, the server sends
XkbIndicatorStateNotify events to all interested clients.
Similarly, whenever an indicator&rsquo;s map changes, the
server sends XkbIndicatorMapNotify events to all interested
clients.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To receive
XkbIndicatorStateNotify events, use <i>XkbSelectEvents</i>
with both the <i>bits_to_change</i> and
<i>values_for_bits</i> parameters containing
XkbIndicatorStateNotifyMask. To receive
XkbIndicatorMapNotify events, use <i>XkbSelectEvents</i>
with XkbIndicatorMapNotifyMask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To receive
events for only specific indicators, use
<i>XkbSelectEventDetails.</i> Set the <i>event_type</i>
parameter to XkbIndicatorStateNotify or
XkbIndicatorMapNotify, and set both the
<i>bits_to_change</i> and <i>values_for_bits</i> detail
parameters to a mask where each bit specifies one indicator,
turning on those bits that specify the indicators for which
you want to receive events.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>xkb_type</i>
is either XkbIndicatorStateNotify or XkbIndicatorMapNotify,
depending on whether the event is a kbIndicatorStateNotify
event or kbIndicatorMapNotify event.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>changed</i> parameter is a mask that is the bitwise
inclusive OR of the indicators that have changed. If the
event is of type XkbIndicatorMapNotify, <i>changed</i>
reports the maps that changed. If the event is of type
XkbIndicatorStateNotify, <i>changed</i> reports the
indicators that have changed state. <i>state</i> is a mask
that specifies the current state of all indicators, whether
they have changed or not, for both XkbIndicatorStateNotify
and IndicatorMapNotify events.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbIndicatorChanges {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="25%"></col>
<col width="-17%"></col>
<col width="30%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>unsigned int</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>state_changes; <br/>
unsigned int</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>map_changes;</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;">}XkbIndicatorChangesRec,*XkbIndicatorChangesPtr;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Both types of
indicator events use the same structure:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbIndicatorNotify { <br/>
int type; /&lowast; Xkb extension base event code */ <br/>
unsigned long serial; /&lowast; X server serial number for
event */ <br/>
Bool send_event; /&lowast; True =&gt; synthetically
generated */ <br/>
Display * display; /&lowast; server connection where event
generated */ <br/>
Time time; /&lowast; server time when event generated */
<br/>
int xkb_type; /&lowast; specifies state or map notify */
<br/>
int device; /&lowast; Xkb device ID, will not be
XkbUseCoreKbd*/ <br/>
unsigned int changed; /&lowast; mask of indicators with new
state or map */ <br/>
unsigned int state; /&lowast; current state of all
indicators */ <br/>
} XkbIndicatorNotifyEvent;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%" class="center"></col>
<col width="58%"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>BadAtom</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A name is neither a valid Atom
or None</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>BadImplementation</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:34%;">Invalid reply from server</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbIndicatorMapNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XkbIndicatorMapNotify</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbIndicatorStateNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XkbIndicatorStateNotify</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
