<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:41:22 2012 -->
<title>XkbComputeShapeBounds</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbComputeShapeBounds</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbComputeShapeBounds
&minus; Updates the bounding box of a shape</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbComputeShapeBounds</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbShapePtr</b>
<i>shape</i><b>);</b></p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
shape</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">shape to be examined</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides a
number of convenience functions to help use a keyboard
geometry. These include functions to return the bounding box
of a shape&rsquo;s top surface and to update the bounding
box of a shape row or section.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A shape is made
up of a number of outlines. Each outline is a polygon made
up of a number of points. The bounding box of a shape is a
rectangle that contains all the outlines of that shape.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A ShapeRec
contains a BoundsRec that describes the bounds of the shape.
If you add or delete an outline to or from a shape, the
bounding box must be updated.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbComputeShapeBounds</i>
updates the BoundsRec contained in the <i>shape</i> by
examining all the outlines of the shape and setting the
BoundsRec to the minimum x and minimum y, and maximum x and
maximum y values found in those outlines.
<i>XkbComputeShapeBounds</i> returns False if <i>shape</i>
is NULL or if there are no outlines for the shape;
otherwise, it returns True.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If you add or
delete a key to or from a row, or if you update the shape of
one of the keys in that row, you may need to update the
bounding box of that row. To update the bounding box of a
row, use <i>XkbComputeRowBounds.</i></p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbShape { <br/>
Atom name; /&lowast; shape&rsquo;s name */ <br/>
unsigned short num_outlines; /&lowast; number of outlines
for the shape */ <br/>
unsigned short sz_outlines; /&lowast; size of the outlines
array */ <br/>
XkbOutlinePtr outlines; /&lowast; array of outlines for the
shape */ <br/>
XkbOutlinePtr approx; /&lowast; pointer into the array to
the approximating outline */ <br/>
XkbOutlinePtr primary; /&lowast; pointer into the array to
the primary outline */ <br/>
XkbBoundsRec bounds; /&lowast; bounding box for the shape;
encompasses all outlines */ <br/>
} XkbShapeRec, *XkbShapePtr;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
_XkbBounds {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="-9%"></col>
<col width="7%" class="center"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="62%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>short</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>x1,y1;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; upper left corner of the bounds, in mm/10 */
<br/>
short</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>x2,y2;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/&lowast; lower right corner of the bounds, in mm/10
*/</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XkbBoundsRec,
*XkbBoundsPtr;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbComputeRowBounds.3.xhtml"><em>XkbComputeRowBounds</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
