<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:14 2012 -->
<title>XkbGetDeviceButtonActions</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbGetDeviceButtonActions</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbGetDeviceButtonActions
&minus; Query the button actions associated with an X Input
Extension device</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="51%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Status
XkbGetDeviceButtonActions</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>,
XkbDeviceInfoPtr</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>device_info</i><b>, Bool</b>
<i>all_buttons</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>first_button</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>num_buttons</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="33%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">connection to X server</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; device_info</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">structure to update with
results</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; all_buttons</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">True =&gt; get information for
all buttons</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; first_button</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of first button for
which info is desired</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; num_buttons</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of buttons for which
info is desired</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbGetDeviceButtonActions</i>
queries the server for the desired button information for
the device indicated by the <i>device_spec</i> field of
<i>device_info</i> and waits for a reply. If successful,
<i>XkbGetDeviceButtonActions</i> backfills the button
actions <i>(btn_acts</i> field of <i>device_info)</i> for
only the requested buttons, updates the <i>name, type,
supported,</i> and <i>unsupported</i> fields, and returns
Success.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>all_buttons,
first_button</i> and <i>num_buttons</i> specify the device
buttons for which actions should be returned. Setting
<i>all_buttons</i> to True requests actions for all device
buttons; if <i>all_buttons</i> is False, <i>first_button</i>
and <i>num_buttons</i> specify a range of buttons for which
actions are requested.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If a compatible
version of Xkb is not available in the server or the Xkb
extension has not been properly initialized,
<i>XkbGetDeviceButtonActions</i> returns BadAccess. If
allocation errors occur, a BadAlloc status is returned. If
the specified device <i>(device_info-&gt;device_spec)</i> is
invalid, a BadKeyboard status is returned. If the device has
no buttons, a BadMatch status is returned. If
<i>first_button</i> and <i>num_buttons</i> specify illegal
buttons, a BadValue status is returned.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>BadAccess</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The Xkb extension has not been
properly initialized</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadAlloc</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Unable to allocate storage</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadKeyboard</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The device specified was not a valid core or input
extension device</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadMatch</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A compatible version of Xkb was not available in the
server or an argument has correct type and range, but is
otherwise invalid</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadValue</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An argument is out of range</p></td></tr>
 </table>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
