<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:37:41 2012 -->
<title>XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat
&minus; Determines whether or not the server supports
DetectableAutoRepeat</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
<col width="7%" class="center"></col>
<col width="28%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display
*</b><i>display</i><b>, Bool</b></p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>*</b><i>supported_rtrn</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
display</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">connection to X server</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus;
supported_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled True if
DetectableAutoRepeat supported</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Auto-repeat is
the generation of multiple key events by a keyboard when the
user presses a key and holds it down. Keyboard hardware and
device-dependent X server software often implement
auto-repeat by generating multiple KeyPress events with no
intervening KeyRelease event. The standard behavior of the X
server is to generate a KeyRelease event for every KeyPress
event. If the keyboard hardware and device-dependent
software of the X server implement auto-repeat by generating
multiple KeyPress events, the device-independent part of the
X server by default synthetically generates a KeyRelease
event after each KeyPress event. This provides predictable
behavior for X clients, but does not allow those clients to
detect the fact that a key is auto-repeating.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb allows
clients to request <i>detectable auto-repeat.</i> If a
client requests and the server supports
DetectableAutoRepeat, Xkb generates KeyRelease events only
when the key is physically released. If DetectableAutoRepeat
is not supported or has not been requested, the server
synthesizes a KeyRelease event for each repeating KeyPress
event it generates.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DetectableAutoRepeat,
unlike other controls, is not contained in the
XkbControlsRec structure, nor can it be enabled or disabled
via the EnabledControls control. Instead, query and set
DetectableAutoRepeat using <i>XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</i>
and <i>XkbSetDetectableAutoRepeat.</i></p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">DetectableAutoRepeat
is a condition that applies to all keyboard devices for a
client&rsquo;s connection to a given X server; it cannot be
selectively set for some devices and not for others. For
this reason, none of the Xkb library functions involving
DetectableAutoRepeat involve a device specifier.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</i>
queries the server for the current state of
DetectableAutoRepeat and waits for a reply. If
<i>supported_rtrn</i> is not NULL, it backfills
<i>supported_rtrn</i> with True if the server supports
DetectableAutoRepeat, and False otherwise.
<i>XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</i> returns the current state
of DetectableAutoRepeat for the requesting client: True if
DetectableAutoRepeat is set, and False otherwise.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</i> function returns True if
the server supports DetectableAutoRepeat.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat</i> function returns
False if the server does not support
DetectableAutoRepeat.</p> </td></tr>
 </table>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
