<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:29 2012 -->
<title>XkbGetAutoResetControls</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbGetAutoResetControls</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbGetAutoResetControls
&minus; Gets the current values of the auto-reset
controls</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbGetAutoResetControls</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>,
unsigned int *</b><i>auto_ctrls</i><b>,</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>unsigned int
*</b><i>auto_values</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="5%" class="center"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">connection to X server</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; auto_ctrls</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">specifies which bits in
auto_values are relevant</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; auto_values</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">1 bit =&gt; corresponding
control has auto-reset on</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">You can
configure the boolean controls to automatically be enabled
or disabled when a program exits. This capability is
controlled via two masks maintained in the X server on a
per-client basis. There is no client-side Xkb data structure
corresponding to these masks. Whenever the client exits for
any reason, any boolean controls specified in the
<i>auto-reset mask</i> are set to the corresponding value
from the <i>auto-reset values</i> mask. This makes it
possible for clients to &quot;clean up after
themselves&quot; automatically, even if abnormally
terminated. The bits used in the masks correspond to the
EnabledControls control bits.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For example, a
client that replaces the keyboard bell with some other
audible cue might want to turn off the AudibleBell control
to prevent the server from also generating a sound and avoid
cacophony. If the client were to exit without resetting the
AudibleBell control, the user would be left without any
feedback at all. Setting AudibleBell in both the auto-reset
mask and auto-reset values guarantees that the audible bell
will be turned back on when the client exits.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbGetAutoResetControls</i>
backfills <i>auto_ctrls</i> and <i>auto_values</i> with the
AutoReset control attributes for this particular client. It
returns True if successful, and False otherwise.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XkbGetAutoResetControls</i> function returns True when it
successfully backfills <i>auto_ctrls</i> and
<i>auto_values</i> with the AutoReset control attributes for
this particular client.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbGetAutoResetControls</i> function returns
False when it does not successfully backfill
<i>auto_ctrls</i> and <i>auto_values</i> with the AutoReset
control attributes for this particular client.</p></td></tr>
 </table>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
