<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:38 2012 -->
<title>XkbGetIndicatorState</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbGetIndicatorState</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbGetIndicatorState
&minus; Obtains the current state of the keyboard
indicators</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="44%"></col>
<col width="5%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Status
XkbGetIndicatorState</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display
*</b><i>display</i><b>, unsigned int</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>device_spec</i><b>, unsigned
int</b> <i>state_return</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
display</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">connection to the X server</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; device_spec</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">device ID, or XkbUseCoreKbd</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; state_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with a mask of the
indicator state</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb allows
applications to obtain information about indicators using
two different methods. The first method, which is similar to
the core X implementation, uses a mask to specify the
indicators. The second method, which is more suitable for
applications concerned with interoperability, uses indicator
names. The correspondence between the indicator name and the
bit position in masks is as follows: one of the parameters
returned from <i>XkbGetNamedIndicators</i> is an index that
is the bit position to use in any function call that
requires a mask of indicator bits, as well as the
indicator&rsquo;s index into the XkbIndicatorRec array of
indicator maps.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbGetIndicatorState</i>
queries the <i>display</i> for the state of the indicators
on the device specified by the <i>device_spec.</i> For each
indicator that is &quot;turned on&quot; on the device, the
associated bit is set in <i>state_return.</i> If a
compatible version of the Xkb extension is not available in
the server, <i>XkbGetIndicatorState</i> returns a BadMatch
error. Otherwise, it sends the request to the X server,
places the state of the indicators into <i>state_return,</i>
and returns Success. Thus the value reported by
<i>XkbGetIndicatorState</i> is identical to the value
reported by the core protocol.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>BadMatch</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A compatible version of Xkb was
not available in the server or an argument has correct type
and range, but is otherwise invalid</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbGetNamedIndicators.3.xhtml"><em>XkbGetNamedIndicators</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
