<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:37 2012 -->
<title>XkbGetNamedIndicator</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbGetNamedIndicator</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbGetNamedIndicator
&minus; Look up the indicator map and other information for
an indicator by name</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbGetNamedIndicator</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>,
unsigned int</b> <i>dev_spec</i><b>, Atom</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>name</i><b>, int
*</b><i>ndx_rtrn</i><b>, Bool *</b><i>state_rtrn</i><b>,
XkbIndicatorMapPtr</b> <i>map_rtrn</i><b>, Bool
*</b><i>real_rtrn</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">connection to the X server</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; dev_spec</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">keyboard device ID, or
XkbUseCoreKbd</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="56%"></col>
<col width="22%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>name of the indicator to be retrieved</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; ndx_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the index of
the retrieved indicator</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; state_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the current
state of the retrieved indicator</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; map_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the mapping for
the retrieved indicator</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; real_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with True if the
named indicator is real (physical)</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb also allows
applications to refer to indicators by name. Use
<i>XkbGetNames</i> to get the indicator names. Using names
eliminates the need for hard-coding bitmask values for
particular keyboards. For example, instead of using
vendor-specific constants such as WSKBLed_ScrollLock mask on
Digital workstations or XLED_SCROLL_LOCK on Sun
workstations, you can instead use
<i>XkbGetNamedIndicator</i> to look up information on the
indicator named &quot;Scroll Lock.&quot;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the device
specified by <i>device_spec</i> has an indicator named
<i>name, XkbGetNamedIndicator</i> returns True and populates
the rest of the parameters with information about the
indicator. Otherwise, <i>XkbGetNamedIndicator</i> returns
False.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>ndx_rtrn</i> field returns the zero-based index of the
named indicator. This index is the bit position to use in
any function call that requires a mask of indicator bits, as
well as the indicator&rsquo;s index into the XkbIndicatorRec
array of indicator maps. <i>state_rtrn</i> returns the
current state of the named indicator (True = on, False =
off). <i>map_rtrn</i> returns the indicator map for the
named indicator. In addition, if the indicator is mapped to
a physical LED, the <i>real_rtrn</i> parameter is set to
True.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each of the
&quot; <i>_rtrn</i> &quot; arguments is optional; you can
pass NULL for any unneeded &quot; <i>_rtrn</i> &quot;
arguments.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbGetNamedIndicator</i>
function returns True if the device specified by
<i>device_spec</i> has an indicator named <i>name.</i></p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbGetNamedIndicator</i> function returns False
if the device specified by <i>device_spec</i> does not have
an indicator named <i>name.</i></p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i><b>XkbGetNames</b></i>(3)</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
