<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:51 2012 -->
<title>XkbGetDeviceLedInfo</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbGetDeviceLedInfo</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbGetDeviceLedInfo
&minus; Query the indicator names, maps, and state
associated with an LED feedback of an input extension
device</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="48%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Status
XkbGetDeviceLedInfo</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>,
XkbDeviceInfoPtr</b> <i>device_info</i><b>,</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>unsigned int</b>
<i>led_class</i><b>, unsigned int</b> <i>led_id</i><b>,
unsigned int</b> <i>which</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="33%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">connection to X server</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; device_info</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">structure to update with
results</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; led_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">LED feedback class assigned by
input extension</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; led_id</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">LED feedback ID assigned by
input extension</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; which</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">mask indicating desired
information</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbGetDeviceLedInfo</i>
queries the server for the desired LED information for the
feedback specified by <i>led_class</i> and <i>led_id</i> for
the X input extension device indicated by
<i>device_spec-&gt;device_info</i> and waits for a reply. If
successful, <i>XkbGetDeviceLedInfo</i> backfills the
relevant fields of <i>device_info</i> as determined by
<i>which</i> with the results and returns Success. Valid
values for <i>which</i> are the inclusive OR of any of
XkbXI_IndicatorNamesMask, XkbXI_IndicatorMapsMask, and
XkbXI_IndicatorStateMask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The fields of
<i>device_info</i> that are filled in when this request
succeeds are <i>name, type, supported,</i> and
<i>unsupported,</i> and portions of the <i>leds</i>
structure corresponding to <i>led_class</i> and
<i>led_id</i> as indicated by the bits set in <i>which.</i>
The <i>device_info-&gt;leds</i> vector is allocated if
necessary and <i>sz_leds</i> and <i>num_leds</i> filled in.
The <i>led_class, led_id</i> and <i>phys_indicators</i>
fields of the <i>device_info-&gt;leds</i> entry
corresponding to <i>led_class</i> and <i>led_id</i> are
always filled in.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If <i>which</i>
contains XkbXI_IndicatorNamesMask, the <i>names_present</i>
and <i>names</i> fields of the <i>device_info-&gt;leds</i>
structure corresponding to <i>led_class</i> and
<i>led_id</i> are updated, if <i>which</i> contains
XkbXI_IndicatorStateMask, the corresponding <i>state</i>
field is updated, and if <i>which</i> contains
XkbXI_IndicatorMapsMask, the <i>maps_present</i> and
<i>maps</i> fields are updated.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If a compatible
version of Xkb is not available in the server or the Xkb
extension has not been properly initialized,
<i>XkbGetDeviceLedInfo</i> returns BadAccess. If allocation
errors occur, a BadAlloc status is returned. If the device
has no indicators, a BadMatch error is returned. If
<i>ledClass</i> or <i>ledID</i> have illegal values, a
BadValue error is returned. If they have legal values but do
not specify a feedback that contains LEDs and is associated
with the specified device, a BadMatch error is returned.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>BadAccess</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The Xkb extension has not been
properly initialized</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadAlloc</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Unable to allocate storage</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadMatch</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A compatible version of Xkb was not available in the
server or an argument has correct type and range, but is
otherwise invalid</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadValue</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An argument is out of range</p></td></tr>
 </table>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
