<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:50 2012 -->
<title>XkbIgnoreExtension</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbIgnoreExtension</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbIgnoreExtension
&minus; Prevents core X library keyboard functions from
using the X Keyboard Extension</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="35%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="23%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbIgnoreExtension</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Bool
*</b><i>ignore</i><b>);</b></p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="47%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>ignore</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True means ignore the
extension</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If a server
supports the Xkb extension, the X library normally
implements preXkb keyboard functions using the Xkb keyboard
description and state. The server Xkb keyboard state may
differ from the preXkb keyboard state. This difference does
not affect most clients, but there are exceptions. To allow
these clients to work properly, you may instruct the
extension not to use Xkb functionality.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Call
<i>XkbIgnoreExtension</i> to prevent core X library keyboard
functions from using the X Keyboard Extension. You must call
<i>XkbIgnoreExtension</i> before you open a server
connection; Xkb does not provide a way to enable or disable
use of the extension once a connection is established.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbIgnoreExtension</i>
tells the X library whether to use the X Keyboard Extension
on any subsequently opened X display connections. If ignore
is True, the library does not initialize the Xkb extension
when it opens a new display. This forces the X server to use
compatibility mode and communicate with the client using
only core protocol requests and events. If ignore is False,
the library treats subsequent calls to <i>XOpenDisplay</i>
normally and uses Xkb extension requests, events, and state.
Do not explicitly use Xkb on a connection for which it is
disabled. <i>XkbIgnoreExtension</i> returns False if it was
unable to apply the ignore request.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbIgnoreExtension</i>
returns True if</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbIgnoreExtension</i> function returns False if
it was unable to apply the ignore request.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XOpenDisplay.3.xhtml"><em>XOpenDisplay</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
