<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:29 2012 -->
<title>XkbKeyHasActions</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbKeyHasActions</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">STRUCTURES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbKeyHasActions
&minus; Determines if the key corresponding to
<i>keycode</i> has any actions associated with it</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="52%"></col>
<col width="5%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>int XkbKeyHasActions</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbDescPtr</b>
<i>xkb</i><b>, KeyCode</b> <i>keycode</i><b>);</b></p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="41%"></col>
<col width="37%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; xkb</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Xkb description of interest</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; keycode</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">keycode of interest</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A key action
defines the effect key presses and releases have on the
internal state of the server. For example, the expected key
action associated with pressing the Shift key is to set the
Shift modifier. There is zero or one key action associated
with each keysym bound to each key.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Just as the
entire list of key symbols for the keyboard mapping is held
in the <i>syms</i> field of the client map, the entire list
of key actions for the keyboard mapping is held in the
<i>acts</i> array of the server map. The total size of
<i>acts</i> is specified by <i>size_acts,</i> and the number
of entries is specified by <i>num_acts.</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>key_acts</i> array, indexed by keycode, describes the
actions associated with a key. The <i>key_acts</i> array has
<i>min_key_code</i> unused entries at the start to allow
direct indexing using a keycode. If a <i>key_acts</i> entry
is zero, it means the key does not have any actions
associated with it. If an entry is not zero, the entry
represents an index into the <i>acts</i> field of the server
map, much as the <i>offset</i> field of a KeySymMapRec
structure is an index into the <i>syms</i> field of the
client map.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The reason the
<i>acts</i> field is a linear list of XkbActions is to
reduce the memory consumption associated with a keymap.
Because Xkb allows individual keys to have multiple shift
levels and a different number of groups per key, a single
two-dimensional array of KeySyms would potentially be very
large and sparse. Instead, Xkb provides a small
two-dimensional array of XkbActions for each key. To store
all of these individual arrays, Xkb concatenates each array
together in the <i>acts</i> field of the server map.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The key action
structures consist only of fields of type char or unsigned
char. This is done to optimize data transfer when the server
sends bytes over the wire. If the fields are anything but
bytes, the server has to sift through all of the actions and
swap any nonbyte fields. Because they consist of nothing but
bytes, it can just copy them out.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbKeyHasActions</i>
returns True if the key corresponding to <i>keycode</i> has
any actions associated with it; otherwise, it returns
False.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbKeyHasActions</i>
function will return True if the key corresponding to
<i>keycode</i> has any actions associated with it.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbKeyHasActions</i> function will return False
if the key corresponding to <i>keycode</i> does not have any
actions associated with it.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
KeySymMapRec structure is defined as follows:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#define
XkbNumKbdGroups 4 <br/>
#define XkbMaxKbdGroup (XkbNumKbdGroups-1)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ /&lowast; map to keysyms for a single keycode */ <br/>
unsigned char kt_index[XkbNumKbdGroups]; /&lowast; key type
index for each group */ <br/>
unsigned char group_info; /&lowast; # of groups and out of
range group handling */ <br/>
unsigned char width; /&lowast; max # of shift levels for key
*/ <br/>
unsigned short offset; /&lowast; index to keysym table in
syms array */ <br/>
} XkbSymMapRec, *XkbSymMapPtr;</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
