<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:54 2012 -->
<title>XkbLibraryVersion</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbLibraryVersion</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbLibraryVersion
&minus; Determines the compatibility of a library at
runtime.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbLibraryVersion</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(int
*</b><i>lib_major_in_out</i><b>, int
*</b><i>lib_minor_in_out</i><b>);</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>lib_major_in_out</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Specifies and returns the major
Xkb library version.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>lib_minor_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Specifies and returns the minor
Xkb library version.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If an
application is dynamically linked, both the X server and the
client-side X library must contain the Xkb extension in
order for the client to use the Xkb extension capabilities.
Therefore a dynamically linked application must check both
the library and the server for compatibility before using
Xkb function calls. A properly written program must check
for compatibility between the version of the Xkb library
that is dynamically loaded and the one used when the
application was built. It must then check the server version
for compatibility with the version of Xkb in the
library.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If your
application is statically linked, you must still check for
server compatibility and may check library compatibility.
(It is possible to compile against one set of header files
and link against a different, incompatible, version of the
library, although this should not normally occur.)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Pass the
symbolic value XkbMajorVersion in <i>lib_major_in_out</i>
and XkbMinorVersion in <i>lib_minor_in_out.</i> These
arguments represent the version of the library used at
compile time. The <i>XkbLibraryVersion</i> function
backfills the major and minor version numbers of the library
used at run time in <i>lib_major_in_out and
lib_minor_in_out.</i> If the versions of the compile time
and run time libraries are compatible,
<i>XkbLibraryVersion</i> returns True, otherwise, it returns
False.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In addition, in
order to use the Xkb extension, you must ensure that the
extension is present in the server and that the server
supports the version of the extension expected by the
client. Use <i>XkbQueryExtension</i> to do this, as
described in the next section.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbLibraryVersion</i>
returns True if the versions of the compile time and run
time libraries are compatible.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbLibraryVersion</i> returns False if the
versions of the compile time and run time libraries are not
compatible.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbMajorVersion.3.xhtml"><em>XkbMajorVersion</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbMinorVersion.3.xhtml"><em>XkbMinorVersion</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XkbQueryExtension.3.xhtml"><em>XkbQueryExtension</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
