<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:23:06 2012 -->
<title>XkbOpenDisplay</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbOpenDisplay</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbOpenDisplay
&minus; Checks for a compatible version of the Xkb extension
in both the library and the server, and initializes the
extension for use.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="37%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Display
XkbOpenDisplay</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(char
*</b><i>display_name</i><b>, int *</b><i>event_rtrn</i><b>,
int</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>*</b><i>error_rtrn</i><b>,
int *</b><i>major_in_out</i><b>, int
*</b><i>minor_in_out</i><b>, int
*</b><i>reason_rtrn</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>display_name</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">hardware display name, which
determines the display and communications domain to be
used</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the extension
base event code</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>error_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the extension
base error code</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>major_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">compile time lib major version
in, server major version out</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>minor_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">compile time lib min version
in, server minor version out</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>reason_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with a status
code</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">As a
convenience, you can use the function <i>XkbOpenDisplay</i>
to perform these three tasks at once: open a connection to
an X server, check for a compatible version of the Xkb
extension in both the library and the server, and initialize
the extension for use.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbOpenDisplay</i>
is a convenience function that opens an X display connection
and initializes the X keyboard extension. In all cases, upon
return <i>reason_rtrn</i> contains a status value indicating
success or the type of failure. If <i>major_in_out</i> and
<i>minor_in_out</i> are not NULL, <i>XkbOpenDisplay</i>
first calls <i>XkbLibraryVersion</i> to determine whether
the client library is compatible, passing it the values
pointed to by <i>major_in_out and minor_in_out. If the
library is</i> incompatible, <i>XkbOpenDisplay backfills
major_in_out</i> and <i>minor_in_out</i> with the major and
minor extension versions of the library being used and
returns NULL. If the library is compatible,
<i>XkbOpenDisplay</i> next calls <i>XOpenDisplay</i> with
the <i>display_name.</i> If this fails, the function returns
NULL. If successful, <i>XkbOpenDisplay</i> calls
<i>XkbQueryExtension</i> and backfills the major and minor
Xkb server extension version numbers in <i>major_in_out and
minor_in_out. If the server</i> extension version is not
compatible with the library extension version or if the
server extension is not present, <i>XkbOpenDisplay</i>
closes the display and returns NULL. When successful, the
function returns the display connection.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The possible
values for reason_rtrn are:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XkbOD_BadLibraryVersion indicates XkbLibraryVersion
returned False.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XkbOD_ConnectionRefused indicates the display could not
be opened.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XkbOD_BadServerVersion indicates the library and the
server have incompatible extension versions.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XkbOD_NonXkbServer indicates the extension is not
present in the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XkbOD_Success indicates that the function succeeded.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="17%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">NULL</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbOpenDisplay</i>
function returns NULL if the library is incompatible.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:31%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XkbOpenDisplay</i> function returns NULL if the call to
<i>XOpenDisplay</i> with the <i>display_name</i> fails.</p>

<p style="margin-left:31%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XkbOpenDisplay</i> function returns NULL and closes the
display if the server extension version is not compatible
with the library extension version or if the server
extension is not present.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><small>BadAccess</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The Xkb extension has not been
properly initialized</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbLibraryVersion.3.xhtml"><em>XkbLibraryVersion</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbQueryExtension.3.xhtml"><em>XkbQueryExtension</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XOpenDisplay.3.xhtml"><em>XOpenDisplay</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
