<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:38 2012 -->
<title>XkbQueryExtension</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbQueryExtension</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbQueryExtension
&minus; Determines the compatibility of a library at
runtime.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="37%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="48%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbQueryExtension</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>,
int *</b><i>opcode_rtrn</i><b>, int</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>*</b><i>event_rtrn</i><b>,
int *</b><i>error_rtrn</i><b>, int
*</b><i>major_in_out</i><b>, int
*</b><i>minor_in_out</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%"></col>
<col width="7%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">connection to the X server</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>opcode_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the major
extension opcode</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the extension
base event code</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>error_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with the extension
base error code</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>major_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">compile time lib major version
in, server major version out</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>minor_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">compile time lib min version
in, server minor version out</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Call
<i>XkbQueryExtension</i> to check for the presence and
compatibility of the extension in the server and to
initialize the extension. Because of potential version
mismatches, you cannot use the generic extension mechanism
functions ( <i>XQueryExtension</i> and <i>XInitExtension</i>
) for checking for the presence of, and initializing the Xkb
extension.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">You must call
<i>XkbQueryExtension</i> or <i>XkbOpenDisplay</i> before
using any other Xkb library interfaces, unless such usage is
explicitly allowed in the interface description in this
document. The exceptions are: <i>XkbIgnoreExtension,
XkbLibraryVersion,</i> and a handful of audible-bell
functions. You should not use any other Xkb functions if the
extension is not present or is uninitialized. In general,
calls to Xkb library functions made prior to initializing
the Xkb extension cause BadAccess protocol errors.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbQueryExtension</i>
both determines whether a compatible Xkb extension is
present in the X server and initializes the extension when
it is present.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XkbQueryExtension</i> function determines whether a
compatible version of the X Keyboard Extension is present in
the server. If a compatible extension is present,
<i>XkbQueryExtension</i> returns True; otherwise, it returns
False.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If a compatible
version of Xkb is present, <i>XkbQueryExtension</i>
initializes the extension. It backfills the major opcode for
the keyboard extension in <i>opcode_rtrn,</i> the base event
code in <i>event_rtrn,</i> the base error code in
<i>error_rtrn,</i> and the major and minor version numbers
of the extension in <i>major_in_out</i> and
<i>minor_in_out.</i> The major opcode is reported in the
<i>req_major</i> fields of some Xkb events. For a discussion
of the base event code.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbQueryExtension</i>
function returns True if it determines a compatible version
of the X Keyboard Extension is present in the server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbQueryExtension</i> function returns False if
it determines a compatible version of the X Keyboard
Extension is not present in the server.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbIgnoreExtension.3.xhtml"><em>XkbIgnoreExtension</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbLibraryVersion.3.xhtml"><em>XkbLibraryVersion</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XkbOpenDisplay.3.xhtml"><em>XkbOpenDisplay</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
