<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:31 2012 -->
<title>XkbResizeKeyActions</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbResizeKeyActions</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">NOTES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbResizeKeyActions
&minus; Change the number of actions bound to a key</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="47%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>XkbAction *
XkbResizeKeyActions</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbDescRec
*</b><i>xkb</i><b>, int</b> <i>key</i><b>, int</b>
<i>needed</i><b>);</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; xkb</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">keyboard description to
change</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; key</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>keycode of key to change</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; needed</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">new number of actions
required</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The <i>xkb</i>
parameter points to the keyboard description containing the
<i>key</i> whose number of actions is to be changed. The
<i>key</i> parameter is the keycode of the key to change,
and needed specifies the new number of actions required for
the key.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbResizeKeyActions</i>
reserves the space needed for the actions and returns a
pointer to the beginning of the new array that holds the
actions. It can change the <i>acts, num_acts,</i> and
<i>size_acts</i> fields of <i>xkb-&gt;server</i> if it is
necessary to reallocate the <i>acts</i> array.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>needed</i> is greater than the current number of keysyms
for the key, <i>XkbResizeKeyActions</i> initializes all new
actions in the array to NoAction.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Because the
number of actions needed by a key is normally computed as
width * number of groups, and <i>XkbResizeKeyActions</i>
does not modify either the width or number of groups for the
key, a discrepancy exists on return from
<i>XkbResizeKeyActions</i> between the space allocated for
the actions and the number required. The unused entries in
the list of actions returned by <i>XkbResizeKeyActions</i>
are not preserved across future calls to any of the map
editing functions, so you must update the key actions (which
updates the width and number of groups for the key) before
calling another allocator function. A call to
<i>XkbChangeTypesOfKey</i> updates these.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If any
allocation errors occur while resizing the number of actions
bound to the key, <i>XkbResizeKeyActions</i> returns
NULL.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbChangeTypesOfKey.3.xhtml"><em>XkbChangeTypesOfKey</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbResizeKeySyms.3.xhtml"><em>XkbResizeKeySyms</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading6">NOTES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A change to the
number of actions bound to a key should be accompanied by a
change in the number of symbols bound to a key. Refer to
<i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i> for more information on changing the
number of symbols bound to a key.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
