<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:26 2012 -->
<title>XkbResizeKeySyms</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbResizeKeySyms</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">NOTES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbResizeKeySyms
&minus; Change the number of symbols bound to a key</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>KeySym *
XkbResizeKeySyms</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbDescRec
*</b><i>xkb</i><b>, int</b> <i>key</i><b>, int</b>
<i>needed</i><b>);</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="52%"></col>
<col width="26%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; xkb</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">keyboard description to be
changed</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>&minus; key</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>keycode for key to modify</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; needed</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">new number of keysyms required
for key</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i>
reserves the space needed for <i>needed</i> keysyms and
returns a pointer to the beginning of the new array that
holds the keysyms. It adjusts the <i>offset</i> field of the
<i>key_sym_map</i> entry for the key if necessary and can
also change the <i>syms, num_syms,</i> and <i>size_syms</i>
fields of <i>xkb-&gt;map</i> if it is necessary to
reallocate the <i>syms</i> array. <i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i>
does not modify either the width or number of groups
associated with the key.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>needed</i> is greater than the current number of keysyms
for the key, <i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i> initializes all new
keysyms in the array to NoSymbol.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Because the
number of symbols needed by a key is normally computed as
width * number of groups, and <i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i> does
not modify either the width or number of groups for the key,
a discrepancy exists upon return from
<i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i> between the space allocated for the
keysyms and the number required. The unused entries in the
list of symbols returned by <i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i> are not
preserved across future calls to any of the map editing
functions, so you must update the key symbol mapping (which
updates the width and number of groups for the key) before
calling another allocator function. A call to
<i>XkbChangeTypesOfKey</i> will update the mapping.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If any
allocation errors occur while resizing the number of symbols
bound to the key, <i>XkbResizeKeySyms</i> returns NULL.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbChangeTypesOfKey.3.xhtml"><em>XkbChangeTypesOfKey</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbResizeKeyActions.3.xhtml"><em>XkbResizeKeyActions</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading6">NOTES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A change to the
number of symbols bound to a key should be accompanied by a
change in the number of actions bound to a key. Refer to
XkbResizeKeyActions for more information on changing the
number of actions bound to a key.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
