<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:14 2012 -->
<title>XkbSARedirectVModsMask</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbSARedirectVModsMask</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbSARedirectVModsMask
&minus; Returns the vmods_mask0 and vmods_mask1 fields of
act converted to an unsigned int</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="34%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>unsigned int
XkbSARedirectVModsMask</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbRedirectKeyAction</b>
<i>act</i><b>);</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="52%"></col>
<col width="26%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; act</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">action from which to extract
vmods</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Actions
associated with the XkbRedirectKeyAction structure generate
KeyPress and KeyRelease events containing a keycode
different from the key that was pressed or released.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The <i>type</i>
field for the XkbRedirectKeyAction structure should always
be XkbSA_RedirectKey. Key presses cause a KeyPress event for
the key specified by the <i>new_key</i> field instead of the
actual key. The state reported in this event reports the
current effective modifiers changed as follows: any real
modifiers selected by the <i>mods_mask</i> field are set to
corresponding values from the <i>mods</i> field. Any real
modifiers bound to the virtual modifiers specified by the
<i>vmods_mask0</i> and <i>vmods_mask1</i> fields are either
set or cleared, depending on the corresponding values in the
<i>vmods0</i> and <i>vmods1</i> fields. If the real and
virtual modifier definitions specify conflicting values for
a single modifier, the real modifier definition has
priority.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Key releases
cause a KeyRelease event for the key specified by the
<i>new_key</i> field instead of the actual key. The state
for this event consists of the effective keyboard modifiers
at the time of the release, changed as described
previously.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
XkbSA_RedirectKey action normally redirects to another key
on the same device as the key that caused the event, unless
that device does not belong to the input extension KeyClass,
in which case this action causes an event on the core
keyboard device. (The input extension categorizes devices by
breaking them into classes. Keyboards, and other input
devices with keys, are classified as KeyClass devices by the
input extension.)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>vmods_mask0</i> and <i>vmods_mask1</i> fields actually
represent one <i>vmods_mask</i> value. Xkb provides macros
to convert between the two formats.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbSARedirectVModsMask</i>
returns the <i>vmods_mask0</i> and <i>vmods_mask1</i> fields
of <i>act</i> converted to an unsigned int.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef
struct_XkbRedirectKeyAction { <br/>
unsigned char type; /&lowast; XkbSA_RedirectKey */ <br/>
unsigned char new_key; /&lowast; keycode to be put in event
*/ <br/>
unsigned char mods_mask; /&lowast; mask of real mods to be
reset */ <br/>
unsigned char mods; /&lowast; mask of real mods to take
values from */ <br/>
unsigned char vmods_mask0; /&lowast; first half of mask of
virtual mods to be <br/>
reset */ <br/>
unsigned char vmods_mask1; /&lowast; other half of mask of
virtual mods to be <br/>
reset */ <br/>
unsigned char vmods0; /&lowast; first half of mask of
virtual mods to <br/>
take values from */ <br/>
unsigned char vmods1; /&lowast; other half of mask of
virtual mods to <br/>
take values from */ <br/>
} XkbRedirectKeyAction;</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
