<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:01 2012 -->
<title>XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbSetAutoRepeatRate
&minus; Sets the attributes of the RepeatKeys control for a
keyboard device</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display
*</b><i>display</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>device_spec</i><b>,</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>unsigned int</b>
<i>timeout</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>interval</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus;
display</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">connection to X server</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; device_spec</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">device to configure, or
XkbUseCoreKbd</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; timeout</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">initial delay, ms</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; interval</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">delay between repeats, ms</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The core
protocol allows only control over whether or not the entire
keyboard or individual keys should auto-repeat when held
down. RepeatKeys is a boolean control that extends this
capability by adding control over the delay until a key
begins to repeat and the rate at which it repeats.
RepeatKeys is coupled with the core auto-repeat control:
when RepeatKeys is enabled or disabled, the core auto-repeat
is enabled or disabled and vice versa.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Auto-repeating
keys are controlled by two attributes. The first,
<i>timeout,</i> is the delay after the initial press of an
auto-repeating key and the first generated repeat event. The
second, <i>interval,</i> is the delay between all subsequent
generated repeat events. As with all boolean controls,
configuring the attributes that determine how the control
operates does not automatically enable the control as a
whole.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</i>
sends a request to the X server to configure the AutoRepeat
control attributes to the values specified in <i>timeout</i>
and <i>interval.</i></p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</i>
does not wait for a reply; it normally returns True.
Specifying a zero value for either <i>timeout</i> or
<i>interval</i> causes the server to generate a BadValue
protocol error. If a compatible version of the Xkb extension
is not available in the server, <i>XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</i>
returns False.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</i>
function returns True normally.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbSetAutoRepeatRate</i> function returns False
if a compatible version of the Xkb extension is not
available in the server.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="41%"></col>
<col width="25%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>BadValue</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">An argument is out of range</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
 </table>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
