<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:28 2012 -->
<title>XkbSelectEventDetails</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbSelectEventDetails</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbSelectEventDetails
&minus; Selects or deselects for a specific Xkb event and
optionally places conditions on when events of that type are
reported to your client</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="48%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbSelectEventDetails</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display
*</b><i>display</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>device_spec</i><b>,</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>unsigned int</b>
<i>event_type</i><b>, unsigned long int</b>
<i>bits_to_change</i><b>, unsigned long int</b>
<i>values_for_bits</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b><i>display</i></b></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">connection to the X server</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>device_spec</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">device ID, or XkbUseCoreKbd</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">Xkb event type of interest</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>bits_to_change</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">determines events to be
selected / deselected</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>values_for_bits</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">1=&gt;select, 0-&gt;deselect;
for events in bits_to_change</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb events are
selected using an event mask, much the same as normal core X
events are selected. However, unlike selecting core X
events, where you must specify the selection status (on or
off) for all possible event types whenever you wish to
change the selection criteria for any one event, Xkb allows
you to restrict the specification to only the event types
you wish to change. This means that you do not need to
remember the event selection values for all possible types
each time you want to change one of them.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Many Xkb event
types are generated under several different circumstances.
When selecting to receive an Xkb event, you may specify
either that you want it delivered under all circumstances,
or that you want it delivered only for a subset of the
possible circumstances.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">You can also
deselect an event type that was previously selected for,
using the same granularity.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
two functions to select and deselect delivery of Xkb events.
<i>XkbSelectEvents</i> allows you to select or deselect
delivery of more than one Xkb event type at once. Events
selected using <i>XkbSelectEvents</i> are delivered to your
program under all circumstances that generate the events. To
restrict delivery of an event to a subset of the conditions
under which it occurs, use <i>XkbSelectEventDetails.
XkbSelectEventDetails</i> only allows you to change the
selection conditions for a single event at a time, but it
provides a means of fine-tuning the conditions under which
the event is delivered.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To select or
deselect for a specific Xkb event and optionally place
conditions on when events of that type are reported to your
client, use <i>XkbSelectEventDetails.</i> This allows you to
exercise a finer granularity of control over delivery of Xkb
events with <i>XkbSelectEvents.</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">While
<i>XkbSelectEvents</i> allows multiple events to be
selected, <i>XkbSelectEventDetails</i> changes the selection
criteria for a single type of Xkb event. The interpretation
of the <i>bits_to_change</i> and <i>values_for_bits</i>
masks depends on the event type in question.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbSelectEventDetails</i>
changes the Xkb event selection mask for the keyboard
specified by <i>device_spec</i> and the Xkb event specified
by <i>event_type.</i> To turn on event selection for an
event detail, set the bit for the detail in the
<i>bits_to_change</i> parameter and set the corresponding
bit in the <i>values_for_bits</i> parameter. To turn off
event detail selection for a detail, set the bit for the
detail in the <i>bits_to_change</i> parameter and do not set
the corresponding bit in the <i>values_for_bits</i>
parameter.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If an invalid
event type is specified, a BadValue protocol error results.
If a bit is not set in the <i>bits_to_change</i> parameter,
but the corresponding bit is set in the
<i>values_for_bits</i> parameter, a BadMatch protocol error
results. If an undefined bit is set in either the
<i>bits_to_change</i> or the <i>values_for_bits</i>
parameter, a BadValue protocol error results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For each type
of Xkb event, the legal event details that you can specify
in the <i>XkbSelectEventDetails</i> request are listed in
the chapters that describe each event in detail.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><small>BadMatch</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A compatible version of Xkb was
not available in the server or an argument has correct type
and range, but is otherwise invalid</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><small>BadValue</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An argument is out of range</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbSelectEvents.3.xhtml"><em>XkbSelectEvents</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbUseCoreKbd.3.xhtml"><em>XkbUseCoreKbd</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
