<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:59 2012 -->
<title>XkbSetDeviceButtonActions</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbSetDeviceButtonActions</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbSetDeviceButtonActions
&minus; Change only the button actions for an input
extension device</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbSetDeviceButtonActions</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>,
XkbDeviceInfoPtr</b> <i>device</i><b>,</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>unsigned int</b>
<i>first_button</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>num_buttons</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="33%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">connection to X server</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; device</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">structure defining the device
and modifications</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; first_button</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of first button to
update, 0 relative</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; num_buttons</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of buttons to update</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbSetDeviceButtonActions</i>
assigns actions to the buttons of the device specified in
<i>device_info-&gt;device_spec.</i> Actions are assigned to
<i>num_buttons</i> buttons beginning with
<i>first_button</i> and are taken from the actions specified
in <i>device_info-&gt;btn_acts.</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the server
does not support assignment of Xkb actions to extension
device buttons, <i>XkbSetDeviceButtonActions</i> has no
effect and returns False. If the device has no buttons or if
<i>first_button</i> or <i>num_buttons</i> specify buttons
outside of the valid range as determined by
<i>device_info-&gt;num_btns,</i> the function has no effect
and returns False. Otherwise,
<i>XkbSetDeviceButtonActions</i> sends a request to the
server to change the actions for the specified buttons and
returns True.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the actual
request sent to the server involved illegal button numbers,
a BadValue protocol error is generated. If an invalid device
identifier is specified in
<i>device_info-&gt;device_spec,</i> a BadKeyboard protocol
error results. If the actual device specified in
<i>device_info-&gt;device_spec</i> does not contain buttons
and a request affecting buttons is made, a BadMatch protocol
error is generated.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>BadKeyboard</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The device specified was not a
valid core or input extension device</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadMatch</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A compatible version of Xkb was not available in the
server or an argument has correct type and range, but is
otherwise invalid</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><b>BadValue</b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An argument is out of range</p></td></tr>
 </table>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
