<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:35 2012 -->
<title>XkbUpdateMapFromCore</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbUpdateMapFromCore</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbUpdateMapFromCore
&minus; Update a local Xkb keyboard map to reflect the
mapping expressed by a core format mapping</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="40%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbUpdateMapFromCore</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbDescPtr</b>
<i>xkb</i><b>, KeyCode</b> <i>first_key</i><b>, int</b></p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_keys</i><b>, int</b>
<i>map_width</i><b>, KeySym *</b><i>core_keysyms</i><b>,
XkbChangesPtr</b> <i>changes</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; xkb</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">keyboard description to
update</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; first_key</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">keycode of first key
description to update</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; num_keys</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">number of key descriptions to
update</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; map_width</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">width of core protocol
keymap</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; core_keysyms</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">symbols in core protocol
keymap</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; changes</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with changes made to
Xkb</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb provides
several functions that make it easier to apply the
compatibility map to configure a client-side Xkb keyboard
mapping, given a core protocol representation of part or all
of a keyboard mapping. Obtain a core protocol representation
of a keyboard mapping from an actual server (by using
<i>XGetKeyboardMapping,</i> for example), a data file, or
some other source.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XkbUpdateMapFromCore</i>
interprets input argument information representing a
keyboard map in core format to update the Xkb keyboard
description passed in <i>xkb.</i> Only a portion of the Xkb
map is updated - the portion corresponding to keys with
keycodes in the range <i>first_key</i> through <i>first_key
+ num_keys - 1.</i> If <i>XkbUpdateMapFromCore</i> is being
called in response to a MappingNotify event,
<i>first_key</i> and <i>num_keys</i> are reported in the
MappingNotify event. <i>core_keysyms</i> contains the
keysyms corresponding to the keycode range being updated, in
core keyboard description order. <i>map_width</i> is the
number of keysyms per key in <i>core_keysyms.</i> Thus, the
first <i>map_width</i> entries in <i>core_keysyms</i> are
for the key with keycode <i>first_key,</i> the next
<i>map_width</i> entries are for key <i>first_key + 1,</i>
and so on.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In addition to
modifying the Xkb keyboard mapping in <i>xkb,
XkbUpdateMapFromCore</i> backfills the changes structure
whose address is passed in <i>changes</i> to indicate the
modifications that were made. You may then use
<i>changes</i> in subsequent calls such as <i>XkbSetMap,</i>
to propagate the local modifications to a server.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbSetMap.3.xhtml"><em>XkbSetMap</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
