<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:44 2012 -->
<title>XkbVirtualModsToReal</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XkbVirtualModsToReal</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">NOTES</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XkbVirtualModsToReal
&minus; Determines the mapping of virtual modifiers to core
X protocol modifiers</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="2%" class="center"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>Bool
XkbVirtualModsToReal</b></p> </td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b>(XkbDescPtr</b>
<i>xkb</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>virtual_mask</i><b>,</b></p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><b>unsigned int
*</b><i>mask_rtrn</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="56%"></col>
<col width="22%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>&minus; xkb</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">keyboard description for input
device</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; virtual_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">virtual modifier mask to
translate</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>&minus; mask_rtrn</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:22%;">backfilled with real
modifiers</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xkb maintains a
<i>virtual modifier mapping,</i> which lists the virtual
modifiers associated with, or bound to, each key. The real
modifiers bound to a virtual modifier always include all of
the modifiers bound to any of the keys that specify that
virtual modifier in their virtual modifier mapping. The
<i>server.vmodmap</i> array indicates which virtual
modifiers are bound to each key; each entry is a bitmask for
the virtual modifier bits. The <i>server.vmodmap</i> array
is indexed by keycode.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>vmodmap</i> and <i>vmods</i> members of the server map
are the &quot;master&quot; virtual modifier definitions. Xkb
automatically propagates any changes to these fields to all
other fields that use virtual modifier mappings.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For example, if
Mod3 is bound to the Num_Lock key by the core protocol
modifier mapping, and the NumLock virtual modifier is bound
to they Num_Lock key by the virtual modifier mapping, Mod3
is added to the set of modifiers associated with
NumLock.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The virtual
modifier mapping is normally updated whenever actions are
automatically applied to symbols and few applications should
need to change the virtual modifier mapping explicitly.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Use
<i>XkbGetMap</i> to get the virtual modifiers from the
server or use <i>XkbGetVirtualMods</i> to update a local
copy of the virtual modifiers bindings from the server. To
set the binding of a virtual modifier to a real modifier,
use <i>XkbGetVirtualMods</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the keyboard
description defined by <i>xkb</i> includes bindings for
virtual modifiers, <i>XkbVirtualModsToReal</i> uses those
bindings to determine the set of real modifiers that
correspond to the set of virtual modifiers specified in
<i>virtual_mask.</i> The <i>virtual_mask</i> parameter is a
mask specifying the virtual modifiers to translate; the i-th
bit (0 relative) of the mask represents the i-th virtual
modifier. If <i>mask_rtrn</i> is non-NULL,
<i>XkbVirtualModsToReal</i> backfills it with the resulting
real modifier mask. If the keyboard description in
<i>xkb</i> does not include virtual modifier bindings,
<i>XkbVirtualModsToReal</i> returns False; otherwise, it
returns True.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="16%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">True</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The <i>XkbVirtualModsToReal</i>
function returns True if the keyboard description in
<i>xkb</i> does include virtual modifier bindings.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>False</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The <i>XkbVirtualModsToReal</i> function returns False
if the keyboard description in <i>xkb</i> does not include
virtual modifier bindings.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbGetMap.3.xhtml"><em>XkbGetMap</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbGetVirtualMods.3.xhtml"><em>XkbGetVirtualMods</em>(3)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading7">NOTES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">It is possible
for a local (client-side) keyboard description (the
<i>xkb</i> parameter) to not contain any virtual modifier
information (simply because the client has not requested it)
while the server&rsquo;s corresponding definition may
contain virtual modifier information.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
