<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:23:43 2012 -->
<title>XListFonts</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XListFonts</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XListFonts,
XFreeFontNames, XListFontsWithInfo, XFreeFontInfo &minus;
obtain or free font names and information</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char **XListFonts(Display
*<i>display</i>, char *<i>pattern</i>, int <i>maxnames</i>,
int *<i>actual_count_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFreeFontNames(char
*<i>list</i>[]);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char
**XListFontsWithInfo(Display *<i>display</i>, char
*<i>pattern</i>, int <i>maxnames</i>, int
*<i>count_return</i>, XFontStruct **<i>info_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFreeFontInfo(char
**<i>names</i>, XFontStruct *<i>free_info</i>, int
<i>actual_count</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>actual_count</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the actual number of
font names.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>actual_count_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the actual number of
font names.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>count_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the actual number of
matched font names.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>info_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the font
information.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>free_info</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the font information.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the array of strings you want to free.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>maxnames</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the maximum number of names to be
returned.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>names</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the list of font names.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>pattern</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the null-terminated pattern string that can
contain wildcard characters.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XListFonts</i> function returns an array of available
font names (as controlled by the font search path; see
<i>XSetFontPath</i>) that match the string you passed to the
pattern argument. The pattern string can contain any
characters, but each asterisk (*) is a wildcard for any
number of characters, and each question mark (?) is a
wildcard for a single character. If the pattern string is
not in the Host Portable Character Encoding, the result is
implementation-dependent. Use of uppercase or lowercase does
not matter. Each returned string is null-terminated. If the
data returned by the server is in the Latin Portable
Character Encoding, then the returned strings are in the
Host Portable Character Encoding. Otherwise, the result is
implementation-dependent. If there are no matching font
names, <i>XListFonts</i> returns NULL. The client should
call <i>XFreeFontNames</i> when finished with the result to
free the memory.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreeFontNames</i> function frees the array and strings
returned by <i>XListFonts</i> or
<i>XListFontsWithInfo</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XListFontsWithInfo</i> function returns a list of font
names that match the specified pattern and their associated
font information. The list of names is limited to size
specified by maxnames. The information returned for each
font is identical to what <i>XLoadQueryFont</i> would return
except that the per-character metrics are not returned. The
pattern string can contain any characters, but each asterisk
(*) is a wildcard for any number of characters, and each
question mark (?) is a wildcard for a single character. If
the pattern string is not in the Host Portable Character
Encoding, the result is implementation-dependent. Use of
uppercase or lowercase does not matter. Each returned string
is null-terminated. If the data returned by the server is in
the Latin Portable Character Encoding, then the returned
strings are in the Host Portable Character Encoding.
Otherwise, the result is implementation-dependent. If there
are no matching font names, <i>XListFontsWithInfo</i>
returns NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To free only
the allocated name array, the client should call
<i>XFreeFontNames</i>. To free both the name array and the
font information array or to free just the font information
array, the client should call <i>XFreeFontInfo</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreeFontInfo</i> function frees a font structure or an
array of font structures and optionally an array of font
names. If NULL is passed for names, no font names are freed.
If a font structure for an open font (returned by
<i>XLoadQueryFont</i>) is passed, the structure is freed,
but the font is not closed; use <i>XUnloadFont</i> to close
the font.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that
<i>XListFontsWithInfo</i> is not thread-safe. If other
threads make X requests on the same <i>Display</i>, then
this function&rsquo;s behavior is undefined.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XLoadFont.3.xhtml"><em>XLoadFont</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetFontPath.3.xhtml"><em>XSetFontPath</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
