<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:45:18 2012 -->
<title>XLookupKeysym</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XLookupKeysym</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XLookupKeysym,
XRefreshKeyboardMapping, XLookupString, XRebindKeysym
&minus; handle keyboard input events in Latin-1</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">KeySym XLookupKeysym(XKeyEvent
*<i>key_event</i>, int <i>index</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XRefreshKeyboardMapping(XMappingEvent
*<i>event_map</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XLookupString(XKeyEvent
*<i>event_struct</i>, char *<i>buffer_return</i>, int
<i>bytes_buffer</i>, KeySym *<i>keysym_return</i>,
XComposeStatus *<i>status_in_out</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XRebindKeysym(Display
*<i>display</i>, KeySym <i>keysym</i>, KeySym <i>list</i>[],
int <i>mod_count</i>, unsigned char *<i>string</i>, int
<i>num_bytes</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>buffer_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the translated
characters.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>bytes_buffer</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the length of the
buffer. No more than bytes_buffer of translation are
returned.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_bytes</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of bytes in the string
argument.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>event_map</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the mapping event that is to be used.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_struct</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the key event
structure to be used. You can pass <i>XKeyPressedEvent</i>
or <i>XKeyReleasedEvent</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>index</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the index into the KeySyms list for the
event&rsquo;s KeyCode.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>key_event</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the <i>KeyPress</i> or <i>KeyRelease</i>
event.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>keysym</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the KeySym that is to be .</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keysym_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the KeySym computed
from the event if this argument is not NULL.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the KeySyms to be used as modifiers.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mod_count</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of modifiers in the modifier
list.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>status_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies or returns the
<i>XComposeStatus</i> structure or NULL.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>string</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the string that is copied and will be returned
by <i>XLookupString</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XLookupKeysym</i> function uses a given keyboard event
and the index you specified to return the KeySym from the
list that corresponds to the KeyCode member in the
<i>XKeyPressedEvent</i> or <i>XKeyReleasedEvent</i>
structure. If no KeySym is defined for the KeyCode of the
event, <i>XLookupKeysym</i> returns <i>NoSymbol</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRefreshKeyboardMapping</i> function refreshes the stored
modifier and keymap information. You usually call this
function when a <i>MappingNotify</i> event with a request
member of <i>MappingKeyboard</i> or <i>MappingModifier</i>
occurs. The result is to update Xlib&rsquo;s knowledge of
the keyboard.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XLookupString</i> function translates a key event to a
KeySym and a string. The KeySym is obtained by using the
standard interpretation of the <i>Shift</i>, <i>Lock</i>,
group, and numlock modifiers as defined in the X Protocol
specification. If the KeySym has been rebound (see
<i>XRebindKeysym</i>), the bound string will be stored in
the buffer. Otherwise, the KeySym is mapped, if possible, to
an ISO Latin-1 character or (if the Control modifier is on)
to an ASCII control character, and that character is stored
in the buffer. <i>XLookupString</i> returns the number of
characters that are stored in the buffer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If present
(non-NULL), the <i>XComposeStatus</i> structure records the
state, which is private to Xlib, that needs preservation
across calls to <i>XLookupString</i> to implement compose
processing. The creation of <i>XComposeStatus</i> structures
is implementation-dependent; a portable program must pass
NULL for this argument.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRebindKeysym</i> function can be used to rebind the
meaning of a KeySym for the client. It does not redefine any
key in the X server but merely provides an easy way for long
strings to be attached to keys. <i>XLookupString</i> returns
this string when the appropriate set of modifier keys are
pressed and when the KeySym would have been used for the
translation. No text conversions are performed; the client
is responsible for supplying appropriately encoded strings.
Note that you can rebind a KeySym that may not exist.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XButtonEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XButtonEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XMapEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XMapEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XStringToKeysym.3.xhtml"><em>XStringToKeysym</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XkbLookupKeySym.3.xhtml"><em>XkbLookupKeySym</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XkbRefreshKeyboardMapping.3.xhtml"><em>XkbRefreshKeyboardMapping</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XmbLookupString.3.xhtml"><em>XmbLookupString</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XwcLookupString.3.xhtml"><em>XwcLookupString</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/Xutf8LookupString.3.xhtml"><em>Xutf8LookupString</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man5/Compose.5.xhtml"><em>Compose</em>(5)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
