<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:35 2012 -->
<title>XMapWindow</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XMapWindow</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XMapWindow,
XMapRaised, XMapSubwindows &minus; map windows</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="72%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XMapWindow(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XMapRaised(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XMapSubwindows(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XMapWindow</i> function maps the window and all of its
subwindows that have had map requests. Mapping a window that
has an unmapped ancestor does not display the window but
marks it as eligible for display when the ancestor becomes
mapped. Such a window is called unviewable. When all its
ancestors are mapped, the window becomes viewable and will
be visible on the screen if it is not obscured by another
window. This function has no effect if the window is already
mapped.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
override-redirect of the window is <i>False</i> and if some
other client has selected <i>SubstructureRedirectMask</i> on
the parent window, then the X server generates a
<i>MapRequest</i> event, and the <i>XMapWindow</i> function
does not map the window. Otherwise, the window is mapped,
and the X server generates a <i>MapNotify</i> event.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the window
becomes viewable and no earlier contents for it are
remembered, the X server tiles the window with its
background. If the window&rsquo;s background is undefined,
the existing screen contents are not altered, and the X
server generates zero or more <i>Expose</i> events. If
backing-store was maintained while the window was unmapped,
no <i>Expose</i> events are generated. If backing-store will
now be maintained, a full-window exposure is always
generated. Otherwise, only visible regions may be reported.
Similar tiling and exposure take place for any newly
viewable inferiors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the window
is an <i>InputOutput</i> window, <i>XMapWindow</i> generates
<i>Expose</i> events on each <i>InputOutput</i> window that
it causes to be displayed. If the client maps and paints the
window and if the client begins processing events, the
window is painted twice. To avoid this, first ask for
<i>Expose</i> events and then map the window, so the client
processes input events as usual. The event list will include
<i>Expose</i> for each window that has appeared on the
screen. The client&rsquo;s normal response to an
<i>Expose</i> event should be to repaint the window. This
method usually leads to simpler programs and to proper
interaction with window managers.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XMapWindow</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XMapRaised</i> function essentially is similar to
<i>XMapWindow</i> in that it maps the window and all of its
subwindows that have had map requests. However, it also
raises the specified window to the top of the stack.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XMapRaised</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XMapSubwindows</i> function maps all subwindows for a
specified window in top-to-bottom stacking order. The X
server generates <i>Expose</i> events on each newly
displayed window. This may be much more efficient than
mapping many windows one at a time because the server needs
to perform much of the work only once, for all of the
windows, rather than for each window.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XMapSubwindows</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for a Window argument
does not name a defined Window.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeWindowAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XConfigureWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XDestroyWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XDestroyWindow</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XRaiseWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XRaiseWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XUnmapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapWindow</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
