<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:23 2012 -->
<title>XmbResetIC</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XmbResetIC</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XmbResetIC,
XwcResetIC, Xutf8ResetIC &minus; reset the state of an input
context</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="46%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XmbResetIC(XIC
<i>ic</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">wchar_t *XwcResetIC(XIC
<i>ic</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *Xutf8ResetIC(XIC
<i>ic</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="3%"></col>
<col width="12%" class="center"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ic</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the input context.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When
<i>XNResetState</i> is set to <i>XIMInitialState</i>,
<i>XmbResetIC</i>, <i>XwcResetIC</i> and <i>Xutf8ResetIC</i>
reset an input context to its initial state; when
<i>XNResetState</i> is set to <i>XIMPreserveState</i>, the
current input context state is preserved. In both cases, any
input pending on that context is deleted. The input method
is required to clear the preedit area, if any, and update
the status accordingly. Calling <i>XmbResetIC</i>,
<i>XwcResetIC</i> or <i>Xutf8ResetIC</i> does not change the
focus.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The return
value of <i>XmbResetIC</i> is its current preedit string as
a multibyte string. The return value of <i>XwcResetIC</i> is
its current preedit string as a wide character string. The
return value of <i>Xutf8ResetIC</i> is its current preedit
string as an UTF-8 string. If there is any preedit text
drawn or visible to the user, then these procedures must
return a non-NULL string. If there is no visible preedit
text, then it is input method implementation-dependent
whether these procedures return a non-NULL string or
NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The client
should free the returned string by calling <i>XFree</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The function
<i>Xutf8ResetIC</i> is an extension introduced by The
XFree86 Project, Inc. in their 4.0.2 release. Its presence
is indicated by the macro <i>X_HAVE_UTF8_STRING</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreateIC.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateIC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XOpenIM.3.xhtml"><em>XOpenIM</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetICFocus.3.xhtml"><em>XSetICFocus</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetICValues.3.xhtml"><em>XSetICValues</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
