<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:36 2012 -->
<title>XmbTextExtents</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XmbTextExtents</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XmbTextExtents,
XwcTextExtents, Xutf8TextExtents &minus; compute text
extents</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XmbTextExtents(XFontSet
<i>font_set</i>, char *<i>string</i>, int <i>num_bytes</i>,
XRectangle *<i>overall_ink_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_logical_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XwcTextExtents(XFontSet
<i>font_set</i>, wchar_t *<i>string</i>, int
<i>num_wchars</i>, XRectangle *<i>overall_ink_return</i>,
XRectangle *<i>overall_logical_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int Xutf8TextExtents(XFontSet
<i>font_set</i>, char *<i>string</i>, int <i>num_bytes</i>,
XRectangle *<i>overall_ink_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_logical_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>font_set</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the font set.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_bytes</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of bytes in the string
argument.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_wchars</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
characters in the string argument.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_ink_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the overall ink
dimensions.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_logical_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the overall logical
dimensions.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="48%"></col>
<col width="26%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>string</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the character string.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XmbTextExtents</i>, <i>XwcTextExtents</i> and
<i>Xutf8TextExtents</i> functions set the components of the
specified overall_ink_return and overall_logical_return
arguments to the overall bounding box of the string&rsquo;s
image and a logical bounding box for spacing purposes,
respectively. They return the value returned by
<i>XmbTextEscapement</i>, <i>XwcTextEscapement</i> or
<i>Xutf8TextEscapement</i>. These metrics are relative to
the drawing origin of the string, using the fonts loaded for
the specified font set.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
overall_ink_return argument is non-NULL, it is set to the
bounding box of the string&rsquo;s character ink. The
overall_ink_return for a nondescending, horizontally drawn
Latin character is conventionally entirely above the
baseline; that is, overall_ink_return.height &lt;=
&minus;overall_ink_return.y. The overall_ink_return for a
nonkerned character is entirely at, and to the right of, the
origin; that is, overall_ink_return.x &gt;= 0. A character
consisting of a single pixel at the origin would set
overall_ink_return fields y = 0, x = 0, width = 1, and
height = 1.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
overall_logical_return argument is non-NULL, it is set to
the bounding box that provides minimum spacing to other
graphical features for the string. Other graphical features,
for example, a border surrounding the text, should not
intersect this rectangle.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When the
<i>XFontSet</i> has missing charsets, metrics for each
unavailable character are taken from the default string
returned by <i>XCreateFontSet</i> so that the metrics
represent the text as it will actually be drawn. The
behavior for an invalid codepoint is undefined.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The function
<i>Xutf8TextExtents</i> is an extension introduced by The
XFree86 Project, Inc. in their 4.0.2 release. Its presence
is indicated by the macro <i>X_HAVE_UTF8_STRING</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XmbTextEscapement.3.xhtml"><em>XmbTextEscapement</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XmbTextPerCharExtents.3.xhtml"><em>XmbTextPerCharExtents</em>(3)</a> <i>Xlib &minus; C Language X
Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
