<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:25:06 2012 -->
<title>XmbTextPerCharExtents</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XmbTextPerCharExtents</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XmbTextPerCharExtents,
XwcTextPerCharExtents, Xutf8TextPerCharExtents &minus;
obtain per-character information for a text string</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XmbTextPerCharExtents(XFontSet <i>font_set</i>, char
*<i>string</i>, int <i>num_bytes</i>, XRectangle
*<i>ink_array_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>logical_array_return</i>, int <i>array_size</i>, int
*<i>num_chars_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_ink_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_logical_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XwcTextPerCharExtents(XFontSet <i>font_set</i>, wchar_t
*<i>string</i>, int <i>num_wchars</i>, XRectangle
*<i>ink_array_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>logical_array_return</i>, int <i>array_size</i>, int
*<i>num_chars_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_ink_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_logical_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
Xutf8TextPerCharExtents(XFontSet <i>font_set</i>, char
*<i>string</i>, int <i>num_bytes</i>, XRectangle
*<i>ink_array_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>logical_array_return</i>, int <i>array_size</i>, int
*<i>num_chars_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_ink_return</i>, XRectangle
*<i>overall_logical_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>array_size</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the size of
ink_array_return and logical_array_return. The caller must
pass in arrays of this size.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="36%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>font_set</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the font set.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>ink_array_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the ink dimensions for
each character.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>logical_array_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the logical dimensions
for each character.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_bytes</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of bytes in the string
argument.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_chars_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of
characters in the string argument.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_wchars</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
characters in the string argument.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_ink_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the overall ink extents
of the entire string.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>overall_logical_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the overall logical
extents of the entire string.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="48%"></col>
<col width="26%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>string</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the character string.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XmbTextPerCharExtents</i>, <i>XwcTextPerCharExtents</i>
and <i>Xutf8TextPerCharExtents</i> functions return the text
dimensions of each character of the specified text, using
the fonts loaded for the specified font set. Each successive
element of ink_array_return and logical_array_return is set
to the successive character&rsquo;s drawn metrics, relative
to the drawing origin of the string and one rectangle for
each character in the supplied text string. The number of
elements of ink_array_return and logical_array_return that
have been set is returned to num_chars_return.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each element of
ink_array_return is set to the bounding box of the
corresponding character&rsquo;s drawn foreground color. Each
element of logical_array_return is set to the bounding box
that provides minimum spacing to other graphical features
for the corresponding character. Other graphical features
should not intersect any of the logical_array_return
rectangles.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that an
<i>XRectangle</i> represents the effective drawing
dimensions of the character, regardless of the number of
font glyphs that are used to draw the character or the
direction in which the character is drawn. If multiple
characters map to a single character glyph, the dimensions
of all the <i>XRectangles</i> of those characters are the
same.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When the
<i>XFontSet</i> has missing charsets, metrics for each
unavailable character are taken from the default string
returned by <i>XCreateFontSet</i> so that the metrics
represent the text as it will actually be drawn. The
behavior for an invalid codepoint is undefined.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
array_size is too small for the number of characters in the
supplied text, the functions return zero and
num_chars_return is set to the number of rectangles
required. Otherwise, the functions return a nonzero
value.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
overall_ink_return or overall_logical_return argument is
non-NULL, <i>XmbTextPerCharExtents</i>,
<i>XwcTextPerCharExtents</i> and
<i>Xutf8TextPerCharExtents</i> return the maximum extent of
the string&rsquo;s metrics to overall_ink_return or
overall_logical_return, as returned by
<i>XmbTextExtents</i>, <i>XwcTextExtents</i> or
<i>Xutf8TextExtents</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The function
<i>Xutf8TextPerCharExtents</i> is an extension introduced by
The XFree86 Project, Inc. in their 4.0.2 release. Its
presence is indicated by the macro
<i>X_HAVE_UTF8_STRING</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XmbTextEscapement.3.xhtml"><em>XmbTextEscapement</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XmbTextExtents.3.xhtml"><em>XmbTextExtents</em>(3)</a> <i>Xlib &minus; C Language X
Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
