<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:26 2012 -->
<title>XMBUF</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XMBUF</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">PREDEFINED VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">BUGS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XmbufQueryExtension,
XmbufGetVersion, XmbufCreateBuffers, XmbufDestroyBuffers,
XmbufDisplayBuffers, XmbufGetWindowAttributes,
XmbufChangeWindowAttributes, XmbufGetBufferAttributes,
XmbufChangeBufferAttributes, XmbufGetScreenInfo,
XmbufCreateStereoWindow - X multibuffering functions</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/multibuf.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XmbufQueryExtension( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
int *event_base_return, <br/>
int *error_base_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XmbufGetVersion( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
int *major_version_return, <br/>
int *minor_version_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
XmbufCreateBuffers( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Window window, <br/>
int count, <br/>
int update_action, <br/>
int update_hint, <br/>
Multibuffer *buffers_update);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">void
XmbufDestroyBuffers( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Window window);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">void
XmbufDisplayBuffers( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
int count, <br/>
Multibuffer *buffers, <br/>
int min_delay, <br/>
int max_delay);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XmbufGetWindowAttributes( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Window window, <br/>
XmbufWindowAttributes *attributes);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">void
XmbufChangeWindowAttributes( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Window window, <br/>
unsigned long valuemask, <br/>
XmbufSetWindowAttributes *attributes);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XmbufGetBufferAttributes( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Multibuffer buffer, <br/>
XmbufBufferAttributes *attributes);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">void
XmbufChangeBufferAttributes( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Multibuffer buffer, <br/>
unsigned long valuemask, <br/>
XmbufSetBufferAttributes *attributes);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XmbufGetScreenInfo( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Drawable drawable, <br/>
int *nmono_return, <br/>
XmbufBufferInfo **mono_info_return, <br/>
int *nstereo_return, <br/>
XmbufBufferInfo **stereo_info_return);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Window
XmbufCreateStereoWindow( <br/>
Display *dpy, <br/>
Window parent, <br/>
int x, <br/>
int y, <br/>
unsigned int width, <br/>
unsigned int height, <br/>
unsigned int border_width, <br/>
int depth, <br/>
unsigned int class, /* InputOutput, InputOnly*/ <br/>
Visual *visual, <br/>
unsigned long valuemask, <br/>
XSetWindowAttributes *attributes, <br/>
Multibuffer *left_return, <br/>
Multibuffer *right_return);</p>

<h2 id="heading3">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Events:</i>
<br/>
typedef struct {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>int type;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* of event */ <br/>
unsigned long serial;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* # of last request processed by server */ <br/>
int send_event;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* true if this came from a SendEvent request */ <br/>
Display *display;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Display the event was read from */ <br/>
Multibuffer buffer;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* buffer of event */ <br/>
int state;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* see Clobbered constants above */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XmbufClobberNotifyEvent;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>int type;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* of event */ <br/>
unsigned long serial;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* # of last request processed by server */ <br/>
int send_event;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* true if this came from a SendEvent request */ <br/>
Display *display;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Display the event was read from */ <br/>
Multibuffer buffer;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* buffer of event */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XmbufUpdateNotifyEvent;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Per-window
attributes that can be got:</i> <br/>
typedef struct {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>int displayed_index;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* which buffer is being displayed */ <br/>
int update_action;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Undefined, Background, Untouched, Copied */ <br/>
int update_hint;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Frequent, Intermittent, Static */ <br/>
int window_mode;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Mono, Stereo */ <br/>
int nbuffers;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Number of buffers */ <br/>
Multibuffer *buffers;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Buffers */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XmbufWindowAttributes;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Per-window
attributes that can be set:</i> <br/>
typedef struct {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>int update_hint;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Frequent, Intermittent, Static */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XmbufSetWindowAttributes;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Per-buffer
attributes that can be got:</i> <br/>
typedef struct {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>Window window;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* which window this belongs to */ <br/>
unsigned long event_mask;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* events that have been selected */ <br/>
int buffer_index;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* which buffer is this */ <br/>
int side;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* Mono, Left, Right */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XmbufBufferAttributes;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Per-buffer
attributes that can be set:</i> <br/>
typedef struct {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>unsigned long event_mask;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* events that have been selected */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XmbufSetBufferAttributes;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Per-screen
buffer info (there will be lists of them):</i> <br/>
typedef struct {</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="17%"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<p>VisualID visualid;</p><td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* visual usable at this depth */ <br/>
int max_buffers;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* most buffers for this visual */ <br/>
int depth;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>/* depth of buffers to be created */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XmbufBufferInfo;</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The application
programming library for the <i>X11 Double-Buffering,
Multi-Buffering, and Stereo Extension</i> contains the
interfaces described below. With the exception of
<i>XmbufQueryExtension</i>, if any of these routines are
called with a display that does not support the extension,
the ExtensionErrorHandler (which can be set with
<i>XSetExtensionErrorHandler</i> and functions the same way
as <i>XSetErrorHandler</i>) will be called and the function
will then return.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufQueryExtension</i>
returns <i>True</i> if the multibuffering/stereo extension
is available on the given display. If the extension exists,
the value of the first event code (which should be added to
the event type constants <i>MultibufferClobberNotify</i> and
<i>MultibufferUpdateNotify</i> to get the actual values) is
stored into event_base_return and the value of the first
error code (which should be added to the error type constant
<i>MultibufferBadBuffer</i> to get the actual value) is
stored into error_base_return.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufGetVersion</i>
gets the major and minor version numbers of the extension.
The return value is zero if an error occurs or non-zero if
no error happens.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufCreateBuffers</i>
requests that &quot;count&quot; buffers be created with the
given update_action and update_hint and be associated with
the indicated window. The number of buffers created is
returned (zero if an error occurred) and buffers_update is
filled in with that many Multibuffer identifiers.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufDestroyBuffers</i>
destroys the buffers associated with the given window.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufDisplayBuffers</i>
displays the indicated buffers their appropriate windows
within max_delay milliseconds after min_delay milliseconds
have passed. No two buffers may be associated with the same
window or else a Match error is generated.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufGetWindowAttributes</i>
gets the multibuffering attributes that apply to all buffers
associated with the given window. The list of buffers
returns may be freed with <i>XFree</i>. Returns non-zero on
success and zero if an error occurs.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufChangeWindowAttributes</i>
sets the multibuffering attributes that apply to all buffers
associated with the given window. This is currently limited
to the update_hint.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufGetBufferAttributes</i>
gets the attributes for the indicated buffer. Returns
non-zero on success and zero if an error occurs.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufChangeBufferAttributes</i>
sets the attributes for the indicated buffer. This is
currently limited to the event_mask.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufGetScreenInfo</i>
gets the parameters controlling how mono and stereo windows
may be created on the screen of the given drawable. The
numbers of sets of visual and depths are returned in
nmono_return and nstereo_return. If nmono_return is greater
than zero, then mono_info_return is set to the address of an
array of <i>XmbufBufferInfo</i> structures describing the
various visuals and depths that may be used. Otherwise,
mono_info_return is set to NULL. Similarly,
stereo_info_return is set according to nstereo_return. The
storage returned in mono_info_return and stereo_info_return
may be released by <i>XFree</i>. If no errors are encounted,
non-zero will be returned.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XmbufCreateStereoWindow</i>
creates a stereo window in the same way that
<i>XCreateWindow</i> creates a mono window. The buffer ids
for the left and right buffers are returned in left_return
and right_return, respectively. If an extension error
handler that returns is installed, <i>None</i> will be
returned if the extension is not available on this
display.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">PREDEFINED VALUES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Update_action
field:</p>


<p style="margin-left:18%;"><i>MultibufferUpdateActionUndefined
<br/>
MultibufferUpdateActionBackground <br/>
MultibufferUpdateActionUntouched <br/>
MultibufferUpdateActionCopied</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Update_hint
field:</p>


<p style="margin-left:18%;"><i>MultibufferUpdateHintFrequent
<br/>
MultibufferUpdateHintIntermittent <br/>
MultibufferUpdateHintStatic</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Valuemask
fields:</p>

<p style="margin-left:18%;"><i>MultibufferWindowUpdateHint
<br/>
MultibufferBufferEventMask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Mono vs. stereo
and left vs. right:</p>

<p style="margin-left:18%;"><i>MultibufferModeMono <br/>
MultibufferModeStereo <br/>
MultibufferSideMono <br/>
MultibufferSideLeft <br/>
MultibufferSideRight</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Clobber
state:</p>

<p style="margin-left:18%;"><i>MultibufferUnclobbered <br/>
MultibufferPartiallyClobbered <br/>
MultibufferFullyClobbered</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Event
stuff:</p>


<p style="margin-left:18%;"><i>MultibufferClobberNotifyMask
<br/>
MultibufferUpdateNotifyMask <br/>
MultibufferClobberNotify <br/>
MultibufferUpdateNotify <br/>
MultibufferNumberEvents <br/>
MultibufferBadBuffer <br/>
MultibufferNumberErrors</i></p>

<h2 id="heading6">BUGS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This manual
page needs more work.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Extending X
for Double Buffering, Multi-Buffering, and Stereo</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
