<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:18 2012 -->
<title>XNextEvent</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XNextEvent</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XNextEvent,
XPeekEvent, XWindowEvent, XCheckWindowEvent, XMaskEvent,
XCheckMaskEvent, XCheckTypedEvent, XCheckTypedWindowEvent
&minus; select events by type</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XNextEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, XEvent *<i>event_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XPeekEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, XEvent *<i>event_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XWindowEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, long <i>event_mask</i>,
XEvent *<i>event_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XCheckWindowEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, long <i>event_mask</i>,
XEvent *<i>event_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XMaskEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, long <i>event_mask</i>, XEvent
*<i>event_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XCheckMaskEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, long <i>event_mask</i>, XEvent
*<i>event_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XCheckTypedEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>event_type</i>, XEvent
*<i>event_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool
XCheckTypedWindowEvent(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, int <i>event_type</i>, XEvent
*<i>event_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the event mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the matched
event&rsquo;s associated structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the next event in the
queue.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns a copy of the matched
event&rsquo;s associated structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the event type to be
compared.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window &nbsp;whose event uou are
interested in.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XNextEvent</i> function copies the first event from the
event queue into the specified <i>XEvent</i> structure and
then removes it from the queue. If the event queue is empty,
<i>XNextEvent</i> flushes the output buffer and blocks until
an event is received.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XPeekEvent</i> function returns the first event from the
event queue, but it does not remove the event from the
queue. If the queue is empty, <i>XPeekEvent</i> flushes the
output buffer and blocks until an event is received. It then
copies the event into the client-supplied <i>XEvent</i>
structure without removing it from the event queue.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XWindowEvent</i> function searches the event queue for an
event that matches both the specified window and event mask.
When it finds a match, <i>XWindowEvent</i> removes that
event from the queue and copies it into the specified
<i>XEvent</i> structure. The other events stored in the
queue are not discarded. If a matching event is not in the
queue, <i>XWindowEvent</i> flushes the output buffer and
blocks until one is received.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCheckWindowEvent</i> function searches the event queue
and then the events available on the server connection for
the first event that matches the specified window and event
mask. If it finds a match, <i>XCheckWindowEvent</i> removes
that event, copies it into the specified <i>XEvent</i>
structure, and returns <i>True</i>. The other events stored
in the queue are not discarded. If the event you requested
is not available, <i>XCheckWindowEvent</i> returns
<i>False</i>, and the output buffer will have been
flushed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XMaskEvent</i> function searches the event queue for the
events associated with the specified mask. When it finds a
match, <i>XMaskEvent</i> removes that event and copies it
into the specified <i>XEvent</i> structure. The other events
stored in the queue are not discarded. If the event you
requested is not in the queue, <i>XMaskEvent</i> flushes the
output buffer and blocks until one is received.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCheckMaskEvent</i> function searches the event queue and
then any events available on the server connection for the
first event that matches the specified mask. If it finds a
match, <i>XCheckMaskEvent</i> removes that event, copies it
into the specified <i>XEvent</i> structure, and returns
<i>True</i>. The other events stored in the queue are not
discarded. If the event you requested is not available,
<i>XCheckMaskEvent</i> returns <i>False</i>, and the output
buffer will have been flushed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCheckTypedEvent</i> function searches the event queue
and then any events available on the server connection for
the first event that matches the specified type. If it finds
a match, <i>XCheckTypedEvent</i> removes that event, copies
it into the specified <i>XEvent</i> structure, and returns
<i>True</i>. The other events in the queue are not
discarded. If the event is not available,
<i>XCheckTypedEvent</i> returns <i>False</i>, and the output
buffer will have been flushed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCheckTypedWindowEvent</i> function searches the event
queue and then any events available on the server connection
for the first event that matches the specified type and
window. If it finds a match, <i>XCheckTypedWindowEvent</i>
removes the event from the queue, copies it into the
specified <i>XEvent</i> structure, and returns <i>True</i>.
The other events in the queue are not discarded. If the
event is not available, <i>XCheckTypedWindowEvent</i>
returns <i>False</i>, and the output buffer will have been
flushed.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAnyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XAnyEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XIfEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XIfEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XPutBackEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XPutBackEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSendEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XSendEvent</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
