<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:05 2012 -->
<title>XOpenIM</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XOpenIM</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XOpenIM,
XCloseIM, XSetIMValues, XGetIMValues, XDisplayOfIM,
XLocaleOfIM, XRegisterIMInstantiateCallback,
XUnregisterIMInstantiateCallback &minus; open, close, and
obtain input method information</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XIM XOpenIM(Display
*<i>display</i>, XrmDatabase <i>db</i>, char
*<i>res_name</i>, char *<i>res_class</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XCloseIM(XIM
<i>im</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XSetIMValues(XIM
<i>im</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XGetIMValues(XIM
<i>im</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Display *XDisplayOfIM(XIM
<i>im</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XLocaleOfIM(XIM
<i>im</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool
XRegisterIMInstantiateCallback(Display *<i>display</i>,
XrmDatabase <i>db</i>, char *<i>res_name</i>, char
*<i>res_class</i>, XIDProc <i>callback</i>, XPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool
XUnregisterIMInstantiateCallback(Display *<i>display</i>,
XrmDatabase <i>db</i>, char *<i>res_name</i>, char
*<i>res_class</i>, XIDProc <i>callback</i>, XPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>callback</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the input method instantiate
callback.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the additional client
data.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>db</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the resource database.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>im</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the input method.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>res_class</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the full class name of the application.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>res_name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the full resource name of the application.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>...</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable length argument list&nbsp;to set
or get XIM values.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XOpenIM</i> function opens an input method, matching the
current locale and modifiers specification. Current locale
and modifiers are bound to the input method at opening time.
The locale associated with an input method cannot be changed
dynamically. This implies that the strings returned by
<i>XmbLookupString</i> or <i>XwcLookupString</i>, for any
input context affiliated with a given input method will be
encoded in the locale current at the time the input method
is opened.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The specific
input method to which this call will be routed is identified
on the basis of the current locale. <i>XOpenIM</i> will
identify a default input method corresponding to the current
locale. That default can be modified using
<i>XSetLocaleModifiers</i> for the input method
modifier.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The db argument
is the resource database to be used by the input method for
looking up resources that are private to the input method.
It is not intended that this database be used to look up
values that can be set as IC values in an input context. If
db is NULL, no database is passed to the input method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The res_name
and res_class arguments specify the resource name and class
of the application. They are intended to be used as prefixes
by the input method when looking up resources that are
common to all input contexts that may be created for this
input method. The characters used for resource names and
classes must be in the X Portable Character Set. The
resources looked up are not fully specified if res_name or
res_class is NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The res_name
and res_class arguments are not assumed to exist beyond the
call to <i>XOpenIM</i>. The specified resource database is
assumed to exist for the lifetime of the input method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XOpenIM</i>
returns NULL if no input method could be opened.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCloseIM</i> function closes the specified input
method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetIMValues</i> function presents a variable argument
list programming interface for setting attributes of the
specified input method. It returns NULL if it succeeds;
otherwise, it returns the name of the first argument that
could not be set. Xlib does not attempt to set arguments
from the supplied list that follow the failed argument; all
arguments in the list preceding the failed argument have
been set correctly.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetIMValues</i> function presents a variable argument
list programming interface for querying properties or
features of the specified input method. This function
returns NULL if it succeeds; otherwise, it returns the name
of the first argument that could not be obtained.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each XIM value
argument (following a name) must point to a location where
the XIM value is to be stored. That is, if the XIM value is
of type T, the argument must be of type T*. If T itself is a
pointer type, then <i>XGetIMValues</i> allocates memory to
store the actual data, and the client is responsible for
freeing this data by calling <i>XFree</i> with the returned
pointer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDisplayOfIM</i> function returns the display associated
with the specified input method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XLocaleOfIM</i> function returns the locale associated
with the specified input method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRegisterIMInstantiateCallback</i> function registers a
callback to be invoked whenever a new input method becomes
available for the specified display that matches the current
locale and modifiers.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The function
returns <i>True</i> if it succeeds; otherwise, it returns
<i>False</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XUnregisterIMInstantiateCallback</i> function removes an
input method instantiation callback previously registered.
The function returns <i>True</i> if it succeeds; otherwise,
it returns <i>False</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreateIC.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateIC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetICFocus.3.xhtml"><em>XSetICFocus</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetICValues.3.xhtml"><em>XSetICValues</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XmbResetIC.3.xhtml"><em>XmbResetIC</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
