<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:32 2012 -->
<title>XOpenDisplay</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XOpenDisplay</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XOpenDisplay,
XCloseDisplay &minus; connect or disconnect to X server</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="64%"></col>
<col width="25%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Display *XOpenDisplay(char
*<i>display_name</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XCloseDisplay(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>display_name</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the hardware display
name, which determines the display and communications domain
to be used. On a POSIX-conformant system, if the
display_name is NULL, it defaults to the value of the
DISPLAY environment variable.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XOpenDisplay</i> function returns a <i>Display</i>
structure that serves as the connection to the X server and
that contains all the information about that X server.
<i>XOpenDisplay</i> connects your application to the X
server through TCP or DECnet communications protocols, or
through some local inter-process communication protocol. If
the hostname is a host machine name and a single colon (:)
separates the hostname and display number,
<i>XOpenDisplay</i> connects using TCP streams. If the
hostname is not specified, Xlib uses whatever it believes is
the fastest transport. If the hostname is a host machine
name and a double colon (::) separates the hostname and
display number, <i>XOpenDisplay</i> connects using DECnet. A
single X server can support any or all of these transport
mechanisms simultaneously. A particular Xlib implementation
can support many more of these transport mechanisms.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If successful,
<i>XOpenDisplay</i> returns a pointer to a <i>Display</i>
structure, which is defined in &lt;<i>X11/Xlib.h</i>&gt;. If
<i>XOpenDisplay</i> does not succeed, it returns NULL. After
a successful call to <i>XOpenDisplay</i>, all of the screens
in the display can be used by the client. The screen number
specified in the display_name argument is returned by the
<i>DefaultScreen</i> macro (or the <i>XDefaultScreen</i>
function). You can access elements of the <i>Display</i> and
<i>Screen</i> structures only by using the information
macros or functions. For information about using macros and
functions to obtain information from the <i>Display</i>
structure, see section 2.2.1.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCloseDisplay</i> function closes the connection to the X
server for the display specified in the <i>Display</i>
structure and destroys all windows, resource IDs
(<i>Window</i>, <i>Font</i>, <i>Pixmap</i>, <i>Colormap</i>,
<i>Cursor</i>, and <i>GContext</i>), or other resources that
the client has created on this display, unless the
close-down mode of the resource has been changed (see
<i>XSetCloseDownMode</i>). Therefore, these windows,
resource IDs, and other resources should never be referenced
again or an error will be generated. Before exiting, you
should call <i>XCloseDisplay</i> explicitly so that any
pending errors are reported as <i>XCloseDisplay</i> performs
a final <i>XSync</i> operation.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCloseDisplay</i>
can generate a <i>BadGC</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/AllPlanes.3.xhtml"><em>AllPlanes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XFlush.3.xhtml"><em>XFlush</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetCloseDownMode.3.xhtml"><em>XSetCloseDownMode</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
