<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:00 2012 -->
<title>XOpenOM</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XOpenOM</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XOpenOM,
XCloseOM, XSetOMValues, XGetOMValues, XDisplayOfOM,
XLocaleOfOM &minus; open output methods</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XOM XOpenOM(Display
*<i>display</i>, XrmDatabase <i>db</i>, char
*<i>res_name</i>, char *<i>res_class</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XCloseOM(XOM
<i>om</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XSetOMValues(XOM
<i>om</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XGetOMValues(XOM
<i>om</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Display *XDisplayOfOM(XOM
<i>om</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XLocaleOfOM(XOM
<i>om</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>db</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the resource database.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>res_name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the full resource name of the application.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>res_class</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the full class name of the application.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>om</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the output method.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>...</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable length argument list&nbsp;to set
or get XOM values.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XOpenOM</i> function opens an output method matching the
current locale and modifiers specification. The current
locale and modifiers are bound to the output method when
<i>XOpenOM</i> is called. The locale associated with an
output method cannot be changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The specific
output method to which this call will be routed is
identified on the basis of the current locale and modifiers.
<i>XOpenOM</i> will identify a default output method
corresponding to the current locale. That default can be
modified using <i>XSetLocaleModifiers</i> to set the output
method modifier.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The db argument
is the resource database to be used by the output method for
looking up resources that are private to the output method.
It is not intended that this database be used to look up
values that can be set as OC values in an output context. If
db is NULL, no database is passed to the output method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The res_name
and res_class arguments specify the resource name and class
of the application. They are intended to be used as prefixes
by the output method when looking up resources that are
common to all output contexts that may be created for this
output method. The characters used for resource names and
classes must be in the X Portable Character Set. The
resources looked up are not fully specified if res_name or
res_class is NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The res_name
and res_class arguments are not assumed to exist beyond the
call to <i>XOpenOM</i>. The specified resource database is
assumed to exist for the lifetime of the output method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XOpenOM</i>
returns NULL if no output method could be opened.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCloseOM</i> function closes the specified output
method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetOMValues</i> function presents a variable argument
list programming interface for setting properties or
features of the specified output method. This function
returns NULL if it succeeds; otherwise, it returns the name
of the first argument that could not be set. Xlib does not
attempt to set arguments from the supplied list that follow
the failed argument; all arguments in the list preceding the
failed argument have been set correctly.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">No standard
arguments are currently defined by Xlib.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetOMValues</i> function presents a variable argument
list programming interface for querying properties or
features of the specified output method. This function
returns NULL if it succeeds; otherwise, it returns the name
of the first argument that could not be obtained.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDisplayOfOM</i> function returns the display associated
with the specified output method.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XLocaleOfOM</i> returns the locale associated with the
specified output method.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreateOC.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateOC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCreateFontSet.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateFontSet</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
