<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:13 2012 -->
<title>XOPENDEVICE</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XOPENDEVICE</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XOpenDevice,
XCloseDevice &minus; open or close an extension input
device</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDevice
*XOpenDevice( Display *display, <br/>
XID device_id);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XCloseDevice(
Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device_id <br/>
Specifies the id of the device to be opened</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device to be closed</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The XOpenDevice
request makes an input device accessible to a <br/>
client through input extension protocol requests. If <br/>
successful, it returns a pointer to an XDevice
structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XCloseDevice request makes an input device inaccessible to
<br/>
a client through input extension protocol requests. Before
<br/>
terminating, and client that has opened input devices
through <br/>
the input extension should close them via CloseDevice.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">When a client
makes an XCloseDevice request, any active grabs <br/>
that the client has on the device are released. Any event
<br/>
selections that the client has are deleted, as well as any
<br/>
passive grabs. If the requesting client is the last client
<br/>
accessing the device, the server may disable all access by X
to <br/>
the device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XOpenDevice and
XCloseDevice can generate a BadDevice error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Structures</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The XDevice
structure returned by XOpenDevice contains: <br/>
typedef struct { <br/>
XID device_id; <br/>
int num_classes; <br/>
XInputClassInfo *classes; <br/>
} XDevice;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The classes
field is a pointer to an array of XInputClassInfo <br/>
structures. Each element of this array contains an event
type <br/>
base for a class of input supported by the specified device.
<br/>
The num_classes field indicates the number of elements in
the <br/>
classes array.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XInputClassInfo structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
unsigned char input_class; <br/>
unsigned char event_type_base; <br/>
} XInputClassInfo;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The input_class
field identifies one class of input supported <br/>
by the device. Defined types include KeyClass, ButtonClass,
<br/>
ValuatorClass, ProximityClass, FeedbackClass, FocusClass,
and <br/>
OtherClass. The event_type_base identifies the event type of
<br/>
the first event in that class.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The information
contained in the XInputClassInfo structure is <br/>
used by macros to obtain the event classes that clients use
in <br/>
making XSelectExtensionEvent requests. Currently defined
macros <br/>
include DeviceKeyPress, DeviceKeyRelease, DeviceButtonPress,
<br/>
DeviceButtonRelese, DeviceMotionNotify, DeviceFocusIn, <br/>
DeviceFocusOut, ProximityIn, ProximityOut,
DeviceStateNotify, <br/>
DeviceMappingNotify, ChangeDeviceNotify, <br/>
DevicePointerMotionHint, DeviceButton1Motion, <br/>
DeviceButton2Motion, DeviceButton3Motion,
DeviceButton4Motion, <br/>
DeviceButton5Motion, DeviceButtonMotion,
DeviceOwnerGrabButton, <br/>
DeviceButtonPressGrab, and NoExtensionEvent.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">To obtain the
proper event class for a particular device, one <br/>
of the above macros is invoked using the XDevice structure
for <br/>
that device. For example, <br/>
DeviceKeyPress (*device, type, eventclass);</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">returns the
DeviceKeyPress event type and the eventclass for <br/>
DeviceKeyPress events from the specified device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">This eventclass
can then be used in an XSelectExtensionEvent <br/>
request to ask the server to send DeviceKeyPress events from
<br/>
this device. When a selected event is received via
XNextEvent, <br/>
the type can be used for comparison with the type in the
event.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist, or is the X keyboard or X pointer. This
<br/>
error may also occur if some other client has caused the
<br/>
specified device to become the X keyboard or X pointer <br/>
device via the XChangeKeyboardDevice or <br/>
XChangePointerDevice requests.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
