<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:44:49 2012 -->
<title>XParseGeometry</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XParseGeometry</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XParseGeometry,
XWMGeometry &minus; parse window geometry</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XParseGeometry(char
*<i>parsestring</i>, int *<i>x_return</i>, int
*<i>y_return</i>, unsigned int *<i>width_return</i>,
unsigned int *<i>height_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XWMGeometry(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>screen</i>, char *<i>user_geom</i>,
char *<i>def_geom</i>, unsigned int <i>bwidth</i>,
XSizeHints *<i>hints</i>, int *<i>x_return</i>, int
*<i>y_return</i>, int *<i>width_return</i>, int
*<i>height_return</i>, int *<i>gravity_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>position</i></p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>default_position</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specify the geometry
specifications.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>fheight</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>fwidth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the font height and width in pixels (increment
size).</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>parsestring</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the string you want
to parse.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>screen</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the screen.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>width_return <br/>
height_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Return the width and height
determined.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>xadder</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>yadder</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify additional interior padding needed in the
window.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x_return</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y_return</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Return the x and y offsets.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>bwidth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the border width.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>hints</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the size hints for the window in its normal
state.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>def_geom</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the application&rsquo;s default geometry or
NULL.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>gravity_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the window gravity.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="71%"></col>
<col width="3%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>user_geom</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the user-specified geometry or NULL.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">By convention,
X applications use a standard string to indicate window size
and placement. <i>XParseGeometry</i> makes it easier to
conform to this standard because it allows you to parse the
standard window geometry. Specifically, this function lets
you parse strings of the form:</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[=][&lt;<i>width</i>&gt;{xX}&lt;<i>height</i>&gt;][{+-}&lt;<i>xoffset</i>&gt;{+-}&lt;<i>yoffset</i>&gt;]</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The fields map
into the arguments associated with this function. (Items
enclosed in &lt;&gt; are integers, items in [] are optional,
and items enclosed in {} indicate &lsquo;&lsquo;choose one
of.&rsquo;&rsquo; Note that the brackets should not appear
in the actual string.) If the string is not in the Host
Portable Character Encoding, the result is
implementation-dependent.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XParseGeometry</i> function returns a bitmask that
indicates which of the four values (width, height, xoffset,
and yoffset) were actually found in the string and whether
the x and y values are negative. By convention, &minus;0 is
not equal to +0, because the user needs to be able to say
&lsquo;&lsquo;position the window relative to the right or
bottom edge.&rsquo;&rsquo; For each value found, the
corresponding argument is updated. For each value not found,
the argument is left unchanged. The bits are represented by
<i>XValue</i>, <i>YValue</i>, <i>WidthValue</i>,
<i>HeightValue</i>, <i>XNegative</i>, or <i>YNegative</i>
and are defined in &lt;<i>X11/Xutil.h</i>&gt;. They will be
set whenever one of the values is defined or one of the
signs is set.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the function
returns either the <i>XValue</i> or <i>YValue</i> flag, you
should place the window at the requested position.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XWMGeometry</i> function combines any geometry
information (given in the format used by
<i>XParseGeometry</i>) specified by the user and by the
calling program with size hints (usually the ones to be
stored in WM_NORMAL_HINTS) and returns the position, size,
and gravity (<i>NorthWestGravity</i>,
<i>NorthEastGravity</i>, <i>SouthEastGravity</i>, or
<i>SouthWestGravity</i>) that describe the window. If the
base size is not set in the <i>XSizeHints</i> structure, the
minimum size is used if set. Otherwise, a base size of zero
is assumed. If no minimum size is set in the hints
structure, the base size is used. A mask (in the form
returned by <i>XParseGeometry</i>) that describes which
values came from the user specification and whether or not
the position coordinates are relative to the right and
bottom edges is returned. Note that these coordinates will
have already been accounted for in the x_return and y_return
values.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that
invalid geometry specifications can cause a width or height
of zero to be returned. The caller may pass the address of
the hints win_gravity field as gravity_return to update the
hints directly.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XSetWMProperties.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProperties</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
