<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:26 2012 -->
<title>XPutImage</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XPutImage</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XPutImage,
XGetImage, XGetSubImage &minus; transfer images</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XPutImage(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, XImage
*<i>image</i>, int <i>src_x</i>, int <i>src_y</i>, int
<i>dest_x</i>, int <i>dest_y</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>,
unsigned int <i>height</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XImage *XGetImage(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, int <i>x</i>, int
<i>y</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>, unsigned int
<i>height</i>, unsigned long <i>plane_mask</i>, int
<i>format</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XImage *XGetSubImage(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, int <i>x</i>, int
<i>y</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>, unsigned int
<i>height</i>, unsigned long <i>plane_mask</i>, int
<i>format</i>, XImage *<i>dest_image</i>, int <i>dest_x</i>,
<i>dest_y</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="36%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the drawable.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>dest_image</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the destination
image.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dest_x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dest_y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates, which are relative to
the origin of the drawable and are the coordinates of the
subimage or which are relative to the origin of the
destination rectangle, specify its upper-left corner, and
determine where the subimage is placed in the destination
image.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>format</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the format for the image. You can pass
<i>XYPixmap</i> or <i>ZPixmap</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the GC.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>image</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the image you want combined with the
rectangle.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>plane_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the plane mask.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>src_x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the offset in X from the left edge of the
image defined by the <i>XImage</i> structure.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>src_y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the offset in Y from the top edge of the image
defined by the <i>XImage</i> structure.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the width and height&nbsp;of the subimage, which
define the dimensions of the rectangle.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the x and y coordinates, which are relative to
the origin of the drawable and define the upper-left corner
of the rectangle.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XPutImage</i> function combines an image with a rectangle
of the specified drawable. The section of the image defined
by the src_x, src_y, width, and height arguments is drawn on
the specified part of the drawable. If <i>XYBitmap</i>
format is used, the depth of the image must be one, or a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results. The foreground pixel in the
GC defines the source for the one bits in the image, and the
background pixel defines the source for the zero bits. For
<i>XYPixmap</i> and <i>ZPixmap</i>, the depth of the image
must match the depth of the drawable, or a <i>BadMatch</i>
error results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
characteristics of the image (for example, byte_order and
bitmap_unit) differ from what the server requires,
<i>XPutImage</i> automatically makes the appropriate
conversions.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This function
uses these GC components: function, plane-mask,
subwindow-mode, clip-x-origin, clip-y-origin, and clip-mask.
It also uses these GC mode-dependent components: foreground
and background.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XPutImage</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadGC</i>,
<i>BadMatch</i>, and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetImage</i> function returns a pointer to an
<i>XImage</i> structure. This structure provides you with
the contents of the specified rectangle of the drawable in
the format you specify. If the format argument is
<i>XYPixmap</i>, the image contains only the bit planes you
passed to the plane_mask argument. If the plane_mask
argument only requests a subset of the planes of the
display, the depth of the returned image will be the number
of planes requested. If the format argument is
<i>ZPixmap</i>, <i>XGetImage</i> returns as zero the bits in
all planes not specified in the plane_mask argument. The
function performs no range checking on the values in
plane_mask and ignores extraneous bits.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetImage</i>
returns the depth of the image to the depth member of the
<i>XImage</i> structure. The depth of the image is as
specified when the drawable was created, except when getting
a subset of the planes in <i>XYPixmap</i> format, when the
depth is given by the number of bits set to 1 in
plane_mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the drawable
is a pixmap, the given rectangle must be wholly contained
within the pixmap, or a <i>BadMatch</i> error results. If
the drawable is a window, the window must be viewable, and
it must be the case that if there were no inferiors or
overlapping windows, the specified rectangle of the window
would be fully visible on the screen and wholly contained
within the outside edges of the window, or a <i>BadMatch</i>
error results. Note that the borders of the window can be
included and read with this request. If the window has
backing-store, the backing-store contents are returned for
regions of the window that are obscured by noninferior
windows. If the window does not have backing-store, the
returned contents of such obscured regions are undefined.
The returned contents of visible regions of inferiors of a
different depth than the specified window&rsquo;s depth are
also undefined. The pointer cursor image is not included in
the returned contents. If a problem occurs, <i>XGetImage</i>
returns NULL.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetImage</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadMatch</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetSubImage</i> function updates dest_image with the
specified subimage in the same manner as <i>XGetImage</i>.
If the format argument is <i>XYPixmap</i>, the image
contains only the bit planes you passed to the plane_mask
argument. If the format argument is <i>ZPixmap</i>,
<i>XGetSubImage</i> returns as zero the bits in all planes
not specified in the plane_mask argument. The function
performs no range checking on the values in plane_mask and
ignores extraneous bits. As a convenience,
<i>XGetSubImage</i> returns a pointer to the same
<i>XImage</i> structure specified by dest_image.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The depth of
the destination <i>XImage</i> structure must be the same as
that of the drawable. If the specified subimage does not fit
at the specified location on the destination image, the
right and bottom edges are clipped. If the drawable is a
pixmap, the given rectangle must be wholly contained within
the pixmap, or a <i>BadMatch</i> error results. If the
drawable is a window, the window must be viewable, and it
must be the case that if there were no inferiors or
overlapping windows, the specified rectangle of the window
would be fully visible on the screen and wholly contained
within the outside edges of the window, or a <i>BadMatch</i>
error results. If the window has backing-store, then the
backing-store contents are returned for regions of the
window that are obscured by noninferior windows. If the
window does not have backing-store, the returned contents of
such obscured regions are undefined. The returned contents
of visible regions of inferiors of a different depth than
the specified window&rsquo;s depth are also undefined. If a
problem occurs, <i>XGetSubImage</i> returns NULL.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetSubImage</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadGC</i>,
<i>BadMatch</i>, and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadGC</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a GContext argument does not name a defined
GContext.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as a Drawable.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Xlib &minus;
C Language X Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
