<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:51 2012 -->
<title>XQueryExtension</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XQueryExtension</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XQueryExtension,
XListExtensions, XFreeExtensionList &minus; list available
extensions</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XQueryExtension(<i>display,
name, major_opcode_return, first_event_return,
first_error_return)</i></p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char
**XListExtensions(<i>display</i>,
<i>nextensions_return</i>)</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>



<p style="margin-top: 1em">XFreeExtensionList(<i>list</i>)</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the extension name.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>major_opcode_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the major opcode.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>first_event_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the first event code,
if any.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>first_error_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the first error code,
if any.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>nextensions_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of
extensions listed.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="59%"></col>
<col width="15%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the list of extension names.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XQueryExtension</i> function determines if the named
extension is present. If the extension is not present,
<i>XQueryExtension</i> returns <i>False</i>; otherwise, it
returns <i>True</i>. If the extension is present,
<i>XQueryExtension</i> returns the major opcode for the
extension to major_opcode_return; otherwise, it returns
zero. Any minor opcode and the request formats are specific
to the extension. If the extension involves additional event
types, <i>XQueryExtension</i> returns the base event type
code to first_event_return; otherwise, it returns zero. The
format of the events is specific to the extension. If the
extension involves additional error codes,
<i>XQueryExtension</i> returns the base error code to
first_error_return; otherwise, it returns zero. The format
of additional data in the errors is specific to the
extension. If the extension name is not in the Host Portable
Character Encoding the result is implementation-dependent.
Uppercase and lowercase matter; the strings
&lsquo;&lsquo;thing&rsquo;&rsquo;,
&lsquo;&lsquo;Thing&rsquo;&rsquo;, and
&lsquo;&lsquo;thinG&rsquo;&rsquo; are all considered
different names.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XListExtensions</i> function returns a list of all
extensions supported by the server. If the data returned by
the server is in the Latin Portable Character Encoding, then
the returned strings are in the Host Portable Character
Encoding. Otherwise, the result is
implementation-dependent.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreeExtensionList</i> function frees the memory
allocated by <i>XListExtensions</i>.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
