<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:32 2012 -->
<title>XQueryBestSize</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XQueryBestSize</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XQueryBestSize,
XQueryBestTile, XQueryBestStipple &minus; determine
efficient sizes</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XQueryBestSize(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>class</i>, Drawable
<i>which_screen</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>, unsigned int
<i>height</i>, unsigned int *<i>width_return</i>, unsigned
int *<i>height_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XQueryBestTile(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>which_screen</i>, unsigned int
<i>width</i>, unsigned int <i>height</i>, unsigned int
*<i>width_return</i>, unsigned int
*<i>height_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XQueryBestStipple(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>which_screen</i>, unsigned int
<i>width</i>, unsigned int <i>height</i>, unsigned int
*<i>width_return</i>, unsigned int
*<i>height_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>class</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the class that you are interested in. You can
pass <i>TileShape</i>, <i>CursorShape</i>, or
<i>StippleShape</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the width and height.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>which_screen</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies any drawable on the
screen.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>width_return <br/>
height_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Return the width and height of
the object best supported by the display hardware.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XQueryBestSize</i> function returns the best or closest
size to the specified size. For <i>CursorShape</i>, this is
the largest size that can be fully displayed on the screen
specified by which_screen. For <i>TileShape</i>, this is the
size that can be tiled fastest. For <i>StippleShape</i>,
this is the size that can be stippled fastest. For
<i>CursorShape</i>, the drawable indicates the desired
screen. For <i>TileShape</i> and <i>StippleShape</i>, the
drawable indicates the screen and possibly the window class
and depth. An <i>InputOnly</i> window cannot be used as the
drawable for <i>TileShape</i> or <i>StippleShape</i>, or a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XQueryBestSize</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i>, <i>BadMatch</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XQueryBestTile</i> function returns the best or closest
size, that is, the size that can be tiled fastest on the
screen specified by which_screen. The drawable indicates the
screen and possibly the window class and depth. If an
<i>InputOnly</i> window is used as the drawable, a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XQueryBestTile</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i> and <i>BadMatch</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XQueryBestStipple</i> function returns the best or
closest size, that is, the size that can be stippled fastest
on the screen specified by which_screen. The drawable
indicates the screen and possibly the window class and
depth. If an <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as the
drawable, a <i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XQueryBestStipple</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i> and <i>BadMatch</i>
errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="65%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">An <i>InputOnly</i> window is
used as a Drawable.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The values do not exist for an <i>InputOnly</i>
window.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreateGC.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateGC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetArcMode.3.xhtml"><em>XSetArcMode</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetClipOrigin.3.xhtml"><em>XSetClipOrigin</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetFillStyle.3.xhtml"><em>XSetFillStyle</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetFont.3.xhtml"><em>XSetFont</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetLineAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XSetLineAttributes</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetState.3.xhtml"><em>XSetState</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetTile.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTile</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
