<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:06 2012 -->
<title>XQUERYDEVICESTATE</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XQUERYDEVICESTATE</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XQueryDeviceState
&minus; query the state of an extension input device.</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XDeviceState*
XQueryDeviceState( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device whose state is to be queried.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XQueryDeviceState request queries the state of an input
<br/>
device. The current state of keys and buttons (up or down),
and <br/>
valuators (current value) on the device is reported by this
<br/>
request. Each key or button is represented by a bit in the
<br/>
XDeviceState structure that is returned. Valuators on the
<br/>
device report 0 if they are reporting relative information,
and <br/>
the current value if they are reporting absolute
information.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XQueryDeviceState
can generate a BadDevice error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">Structures:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XDeviceState structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
XID device_id; <br/>
int num_classes; <br/>
XInputClass *data; <br/>
} XDeviceState;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XValuatorState structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
unsigned char class; <br/>
unsigned char length; <br/>
unsigned char num_valuators; <br/>
unsigned char mode; <br/>
int *valuators; <br/>
} XValuatorState;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The XKeyState
structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
unsigned char class; <br/>
unsigned char length; <br/>
short num_keys; <br/>
char keys[32]; <br/>
} XKeyState;</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XButtonState structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{ <br/>
unsigned char class; <br/>
unsigned char length; <br/>
short num_buttons; <br/>
char buttons[32]; <br/>
} XButtonState;</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist or has not been opened by this client via
<br/>
XOpenInputDevice. This error may also occur if some <br/>
other client has caused the specified device to become <br/>
the X keyboard or X pointer device via the <br/>
XChangeKeyboardDevice or XChangePointerDevice requests.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
