<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:35 2012 -->
<title>XRaiseWindow</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XRaiseWindow</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XRaiseWindow,
XLowerWindow, XCirculateSubwindows, XCirculateSubwindowsUp,
XCirculateSubwindowsDown, XRestackWindows &minus; change
window stacking order</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XRaiseWindow(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XLowerWindow(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XCirculateSubwindows(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, int <i>direction</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XCirculateSubwindowsUp(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XCirculateSubwindowsDown(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XRestackWindows(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>windows</i>[], int
<i>nwindows</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>direction</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the direction (up or down) that you want to
circulate the window. You can pass <i>RaiseLowest</i> or
<i>LowerHighest</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>nwindows</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of windows to be restacked.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>windows</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an array containing the windows to be
restacked.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRaiseWindow</i> function raises the specified window to
the top of the stack so that no sibling window obscures it.
If the windows are regarded as overlapping sheets of paper
stacked on a desk, then raising a window is analogous to
moving the sheet to the top of the stack but leaving its x
and y location on the desk constant. Raising a mapped window
may generate <i>Expose</i> events for the window and any
mapped subwindows that were formerly obscured.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
override-redirect attribute of the window is <i>False</i>
and some other client has selected
<i>SubstructureRedirectMask</i> on the parent, the X server
generates a <i>ConfigureRequest</i> event, and no processing
is performed. Otherwise, the window is raised.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XRaiseWindow</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XLowerWindow</i> function lowers the specified window to
the bottom of the stack so that it does not obscure any
sibling windows. If the windows are regarded as overlapping
sheets of paper stacked on a desk, then lowering a window is
analogous to moving the sheet to the bottom of the stack but
leaving its x and y location on the desk constant. Lowering
a mapped window will generate <i>Expose</i> events on any
windows it formerly obscured.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
override-redirect attribute of the window is <i>False</i>
and some other client has selected
<i>SubstructureRedirectMask</i> on the parent, the X server
generates a <i>ConfigureRequest</i> event, and no processing
is performed. Otherwise, the window is lowered to the bottom
of the stack.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XLowerWindow</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCirculateSubwindows</i> function circulates children of
the specified window in the specified direction. If you
specify <i>RaiseLowest</i>, <i>XCirculateSubwindows</i>
raises the lowest mapped child (if any) that is occluded by
another child to the top of the stack. If you specify
<i>LowerHighest</i>, <i>XCirculateSubwindows</i> lowers the
highest mapped child (if any) that occludes another child to
the bottom of the stack. Exposure processing is then
performed on formerly obscured windows. If some other client
has selected <i>SubstructureRedirectMask</i> on the window,
the X server generates a <i>CirculateRequest</i> event, and
no further processing is performed. If a child is actually
restacked, the X server generates a <i>CirculateNotify</i>
event.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCirculateSubwindows</i>
can generate <i>BadValue</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCirculateSubwindowsUp</i> function raises the lowest
mapped child of the specified window that is partially or
completely occluded by another child. Completely unobscured
children are not affected. This is a convenience function
equivalent to <i>XCirculateSubwindows</i> with
<i>RaiseLowest</i> specified.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCirculateSubwindowsUp</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCirculateSubwindowsDown</i> function lowers the highest
mapped child of the specified window that partially or
completely occludes another child. Completely unobscured
children are not affected. This is a convenience function
equivalent to <i>XCirculateSubwindows</i> with
<i>LowerHighest</i> specified.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCirculateSubwindowsDown</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRestackWindows</i> function restacks the windows in the
order specified, from top to bottom. The stacking order of
the first window in the windows array is unaffected, but the
other windows in the array are stacked underneath the first
window, in the order of the array. The stacking order of the
other windows is not affected. For each window in the window
array that is not a sibling of the first window, a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
override-redirect attribute of a window is <i>False</i> and
some other client has selected
<i>SubstructureRedirectMask</i> on the parent, the X server
generates <i>ConfigureRequest</i> events for each window
whose override-redirect flag is not set, and no further
processing is performed. Otherwise, the windows will be
restacked in top-to-bottom order.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XRestackWindows</i>
can generate <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeWindowAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XConfigureWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XConfigureWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XCreateWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XDestroyWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XDestroyWindow</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XMapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XMapWindow</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XUnmapWindow.3.xhtml"><em>XUnmapWindow</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
