<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:45 2012 -->
<title>XReadBitmapFile</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XReadBitmapFile</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XReadBitmapFile,
XReadBitmapFileData, XWriteBitmapFile,
XCreatePixmapFromBitmapData, XCreateBitmapFromData &minus;
manipulate bitmaps</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XReadBitmapFile(Display
*<i>display</i>, Drawable <i>d</i>, char *<i>filename</i>,
unsigned int *<i>width_return</i>, unsigned int
*<i>height_return</i>, Pixmap *<i>bitmap_return</i>, int
*<i>x_hot_return</i>, int *<i>y_hot_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XReadBitmapFileData(char
*<i>filename</i>, unsigned int *<i>width_return</i>,
unsigned int *<i>height_return</i>, unsigned char
*<i>data_return</i>, int *<i>x_hot_return</i>, int
*<i>y_hot_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XWriteBitmapFile(Display
*<i>display</i>, char *<i>filename</i>, Pixmap
<i>bitmap</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>, unsigned int
<i>height</i>, int <i>x_hot</i>, int <i>y_hot</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Pixmap
XCreatePixmapFromBitmapData(Display *<i>display</i>,
Drawable <i>d</i>, char *<i>data</i>, unsigned int
<i>width</i>, unsigned int <i>height</i>, unsigned long
<i>fg</i>, unsigned long <i>bg</i>, unsigned int
<i>depth</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Pixmap
XCreateBitmapFromData(Display *<i>display</i>, Drawable
<i>d</i>, char *<i>data</i>, unsigned int <i>width</i>,
unsigned int <i>height</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>bitmap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the bitmap.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>bitmap_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the bitmap that is
created.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the drawable&nbsp;that indicates the
screen.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>data</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the data in bitmap format.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>data</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the location of the bitmap data.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>data_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the bitmap data.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>depth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the depth of the pixmap.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>fg</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>bg</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the foreground and background pixel values to
use.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>filename</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the file name to use. The format of the file
name is operating-system dependent.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the width and height.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>width_return <br/>
height_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Return the width and height
values of the read in bitmap file.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x_hot</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y_hot</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify where to place the hotspot coordinates (or
&minus;1,&minus;1 if none are present) in the file.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>x_hot_return <br/>
y_hot_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Return the hotspot
coordinates.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XReadBitmapFile</i> function reads in a file containing a
bitmap. The file is parsed in the encoding of the current
locale. The ability to read other than the standard format
is implementation-dependent. If the file cannot be opened,
<i>XReadBitmapFile</i> returns <i>BitmapOpenFailed</i>. If
the file can be opened but does not contain valid bitmap
data, it returns <i>BitmapFileInvalid</i>. If insufficient
working storage is allocated, it returns
<i>BitmapNoMemory</i>. If the file is readable and valid, it
returns <i>BitmapSuccess</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XReadBitmapFile</i>
returns the bitmap&rsquo;s height and width, as read from
the file, to width_return and height_return. It then creates
a pixmap of the appropriate size, reads the bitmap data from
the file into the pixmap, and assigns the pixmap to the
caller&rsquo;s variable bitmap. The caller must free the
bitmap using <i>XFreePixmap</i> when finished. If
<i>name</i>_x_hot and <i>name</i>_y_hot exist,
<i>XReadBitmapFile</i> returns them to x_hot_return and
y_hot_return; otherwise, it returns &minus;1,&minus;1.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XReadBitmapFile</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadDrawable</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XReadBitmapFileData</i> function reads in a file
containing a bitmap, in the same manner as
<i>XReadBitmapFile</i>, but returns the data directly rather
than creating a pixmap in the server. The bitmap data is
returned in data_return; the client must free this storage
when finished with it by calling <i>XFree</i>. The status
and other return values are the same as for
<i>XReadBitmapFile</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XWriteBitmapFile</i> function writes a bitmap out to a
file in the X Version 11 format. The name used in the output
file is derived from the file name by deleting the directory
prefix. The file is written in the encoding of the current
locale. If the file cannot be opened for writing, it returns
<i>BitmapOpenFailed</i>. If insufficient memory is
allocated, <i>XWriteBitmapFile</i> returns
<i>BitmapNoMemory</i>; otherwise, on no error, it returns
<i>BitmapSuccess</i>. If x_hot and y_hot are not &minus;1,
&minus;1, <i>XWriteBitmapFile</i> writes them out as the
hotspot coordinates for the bitmap.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XWriteBitmapFile</i>
can generate <i>BadDrawable</i> and <i>BadMatch</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCreatePixmapFromBitmapData</i> function creates a pixmap
of the given depth and then does a bitmap-format
<i>XPutImage</i> of the data into it. The depth must be
supported by the screen of the specified drawable, or a
<i>BadMatch</i> error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCreatePixmapFromBitmapData</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadMatch</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XCreateBitmapFromData</i> function allows you to include
in your C program (using <i>#include</i>) a bitmap file that
was written out by <i>XWriteBitmapFile</i> (X version 11
format only) without reading in the bitmap file. The
following example creates a gray bitmap:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&quot;gray.bitmap&quot; <br/>
Pixmap bitmap; <br/>
bitmap = XCreateBitmapFromData(display, window, gray_bits,
gray_width, gray_height);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If insufficient
working storage was allocated, <i>XCreateBitmapFromData</i>
returns <i>None</i>. It is your responsibility to free the
bitmap using <i>XFreePixmap</i> when finished.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XCreateBitmapFromData</i>
can generate a <i>BadAlloc</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>BadDrawable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">A value for a Drawable argument
does not name a defined Window or Pixmap.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="65%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An <i>InputOnly</i> window is used as a Drawable.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreatePixmap.3.xhtml"><em>XCreatePixmap</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XPutImage</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
