<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:29:56 2012 -->
<title>XRes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XRes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">ERRORS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">AUTHOR</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">STABILITY</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XRes &minus;
X-Resource extension client library</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XRes.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="23%"></col>
<col width="69%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XID</p></td>
<td>


<p>resource_base;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XID</p></td>
<td>


<p>resource_mask;</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XResClient;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="23%"></col>
<col width="69%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Atom</p></td>
<td>


<p>resource_type;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int</p></td>
<td>


<p>count;</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XResType;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XResQueryExtension(Display
*<i>dpy</i>, int *<i>event_base_return</i>, int
*<i>error_base_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XResQueryVersion(Display
*<i>dpy</i>, int *<i>major_version_return</i>, int
*<i>minor_version_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XResQueryClients(Display
*<i>dpy</i>, int *<i>num_clients</i>, XResClient
**<i>clients</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XResQueryClientResources(Display *<i>dpy</i>, XID
<i>xid</i>, int *<i>num_types</i>, XResType
**<i>types</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XResQueryClientPixmapBytes(Display *<i>dpy</i>, XID
<i>xid</i>, unsigned long *<i>bytes</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>X-Resource</b>
is an extension that allows a client to query the X server
about its usage of various resources. It should not be
confused with the X resource database access functions.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XResQueryExtension</b>
returns <b>True</b> if the <i>XRes</i> extension is
available on the given display. A client must call
<b>XResQueryExtension</b> before calling any other XRes
function in order to negotiate a compatible protocol
version; otherwise the client will get undefined behavior
(XRes may or may not work).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XResQueryVersion</b>
returns <b>True</b> if the request succeeded; the values of
the major and minor protocol versions supported by the
server are returned in <i>major_version_return</i> and
<i>minor_version_return .</i></p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XResQueryClients</b>
fills a list of clients of the given display. For each
client it returns in the <i>XResClient</i> structure a mask
and a base value of the resources used by these clients.
Returns <b>True</b> on success or <b>False</b> on
failure.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XResQueryClientResources</b>
fills a list of XResType structures, indicating for each
resource type allocated by the client its name (as an Atom)
and the number of resources of this type allocated. Returns
<b>True</b> on success or <b>False</b> on failure.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XResQueryClientPixmapBytes</b>
gives, for resources of type <i>PIXMAP</i> the total number
of bytes allocated in the X server by the given client.
Returns <b>True</b> on success or <b>False</b> on
failure.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">ERRORS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XResQueryClientResources</b>
and <b>XResQueryClientPixmapBytes</b> will return
<i>BadValue</i> if passed an illegal client identifier.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man7/X.7.xhtml"><em>X</em>(7)</a></p>

<h2 id="heading6">AUTHOR
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Mark Vojkovich,
originally for The XFree86 Project Inc.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">STABILITY
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This API is
considered as experimental. The XRes library major revision
may be incremented whenever incompatible changes are done to
the API without notice. Use with care.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
