<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:48 2012 -->
<title>XResourceManagerString</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XResourceManagerString</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XResourceManagerString,
XScreenResourceString &minus; obtain server resource
properties</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="72%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char
*XResourceManagerString(Display *<i>display</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char
*XScreenResourceString(Screen *<i>screen</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>screen</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the screen.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XResourceManagerString</i> function returns the
RESOURCE_MANAGER property from the server&rsquo;s root
window of screen zero, which was returned when the
connection was opened using <i>XOpenDisplay</i>. The
property is converted from type STRING to the current
locale. The conversion is identical to that produced by
<i>XmbTextPropertyToTextList</i> for a single element STRING
property. The returned string is owned by Xlib and should
not be freed by the client. The property value must be in a
format that is acceptable to <i>XrmGetStringDatabase</i>. If
no property exists, NULL is returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XScreenResourceString</i> function returns the
SCREEN_RESOURCES property from the root window of the
specified screen. The property is converted from type STRING
to the current locale. The conversion is identical to that
produced by <i>XmbTextPropertyToTextList</i> for a single
element STRING property. The property value must be in a
format that is acceptable to <i>XrmGetStringDatabase</i>. If
no property exists, NULL is returned. The caller is
responsible for freeing the returned string by using
<i>XFree</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Xlib &minus;
C Language X Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
