<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:54 2012 -->
<title>XrmGetResource</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XrmGetResource</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">MATCHING RULES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XrmGetResource,
XrmQGetResource, XrmQGetSearchList, XrmQGetSearchResource
&minus; retrieve database resources and search lists</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XrmGetResource(XrmDatabase
<i>database</i>, char *<i>str_name</i>, char
*<i>str_class</i>, char **<i>str_type_return</i>, XrmValue
*<i>value_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XrmQGetResource(XrmDatabase
<i>database</i>, XrmNameList <i>quark_name</i>, XrmClassList
<i>quark_class</i>, XrmRepresentation
*<i>quark_type_return</i>, XrmValue
*<i>value_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">typedef XrmHashTable
*XrmSearchList;</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:22%; margin-top: 1em">Bool
XrmQGetSearchList(XrmDatabase <i>database</i>, XrmNameList
<i>names</i>, XrmClassList <i>classes</i>, XrmSearchList
<i>list_return</i>, int <i>list_length</i>);</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool
XrmQGetSearchResource(XrmSearchList <i>list</i>, XrmName
<i>name</i>, XrmClass <i>class</i>, XrmRepresentation
*<i>type_return</i>, XrmValue *<i>value_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>class</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource class.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>classes</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a list of resource classes.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>database</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the database that is to be used.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the search list returned by
<i>XrmQGetSearchList</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>list_length</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of entries
(not the byte size) allocated for list_return.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>list_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns a search list for
further use.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
<col width="20%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource name.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>names</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a list of resource names.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>quark_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the fully qualified
class of the value being retrieved (as a quark).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>quark_name</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the fully qualified
name of the value being retrieved (as a quark).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>quark_type_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the representation type
of the destination (as a quark).</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>str_class</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the fully qualified class of the value being
retrieved (as a string).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>str_name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the fully qualified name of the value being
retrieved (as a string).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>str_type_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the representation type
of the destination (as a string).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>type_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns data representation
type.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>value_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the value in the
database.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmGetResource</i> and <i>XrmQGetResource</i> functions
retrieve a resource from the specified database. Both take a
fully qualified name/class pair, a destination resource
representation, and the address of a value (size/address
pair). The value and returned type point into database
memory; therefore, you must not modify the data.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The database
only frees or overwrites entries on <i>XrmPutResource</i>,
<i>XrmQPutResource</i>, or <i>XrmMergeDatabases</i>. A
client that is not storing new values into the database or
is not merging the database should be safe using the address
passed back at any time until it exits. If a resource was
found, both <i>XrmGetResource</i> and <i>XrmQGetResource</i>
return <i>True</i>; otherwise, they return <i>False</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmQGetSearchList</i> function takes a list of names and
classes and returns a list of database levels where a match
might occur. The returned list is in best-to-worst order and
uses the same algorithm as <i>XrmGetResource</i> for
determining precedence. If list_return was large enough for
the search list, <i>XrmQGetSearchList</i> returns
<i>True</i>; otherwise, it returns <i>False</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The size of the
search list that the caller must allocate is dependent upon
the number of levels and wildcards in the resource
specifiers that are stored in the database. The worst case
length is %3 sup n%, where <i>n</i> is the number of name or
class components in names or classes.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When using
<i>XrmQGetSearchList</i> followed by multiple probes for
resources with a common name and class prefix, only the
common prefix should be specified in the name and class list
to <i>XrmQGetSearchList</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmQGetSearchResource</i> function searches the specified
database levels for the resource that is fully identified by
the specified name and class. The search stops with the
first match. <i>XrmQGetSearchResource</i> returns
<i>True</i> if the resource was found; otherwise, it returns
<i>False</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A call to
<i>XrmQGetSearchList</i> with a name and class list
containing all but the last component of a resource name
followed by a call to <i>XrmQGetSearchResource</i> with the
last component name and class returns the same database
entry as <i>XrmGetResource</i> and <i>XrmQGetResource</i>
with the fully qualified name and class.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">MATCHING RULES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The algorithm
for determining which resource database entry matches a
given query is the heart of the resource manager. All
queries must fully specify the name and class of the desired
resource (use of the characters
&lsquo;&lsquo;*&rsquo;&rsquo; and
&lsquo;&lsquo;?&rsquo;&rsquo; are not permitted). The
library supports up to 100 components in a full name or
class. Resources are stored in the database with only
partially specified names and classes, using pattern
matching constructs. An asterisk (*) is a loose binding and
is used to represent any number of intervening components,
including none. A period (.) is a tight binding and is used
to separate immediately adjacent components. A question mark
(?) is used to match any single component name or class. A
database entry cannot end in a loose binding; the final
component (which cannot be the character
&lsquo;&lsquo;?&rsquo;&rsquo;) must be specified. The lookup
algorithm searches the database for the entry that most
closely matches (is most specific for) the full name and
class being queried. When more than one database entry
matches the full name and class, precedence rules are used
to select just one.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The full name
and class are scanned from left to right (from highest level
in the hierarchy to lowest), one component at a time. At
each level, the corresponding component and/or binding of
each matching entry is determined, and these matching
components and bindings are compared according to precedence
rules. Each of the rules is applied at each level before
moving to the next level, until a rule selects a single
entry over all others. The rules, in order of precedence,
are:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="3%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>1.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An entry that contains a matching component (whether
name, class, or the character &lsquo;&lsquo;?&rsquo;&rsquo;)
takes precedence over entries that elide the level (that is,
entries that match the level in a loose binding).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An entry with a matching name takes precedence over both
entries with a matching class and entries that match using
the character &lsquo;&lsquo;?&rsquo;&rsquo;. An entry with a
matching class takes precedence over entries that match
using the character &lsquo;&lsquo;?&rsquo;&rsquo;.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>3.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>An entry preceded by a tight binding takes precedence
over entries preceded by a loose binding.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XrmInitialize.3.xhtml"><em>XrmInitialize</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XrmMergeDatabases.3.xhtml"><em>XrmMergeDatabases</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XrmPutResource.3.xhtml"><em>XrmPutResource</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XrmUniqueQuark.3.xhtml"><em>XrmUniqueQuark</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
