<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:27 2012 -->
<title>XrmInitialize</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XrmInitialize</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XrmInitialize,
XrmParseCommand, XrmValue, XrmOptionKind, XrmOptionDescRec
&minus; initialize the Resource Manager, Resource Manager
structures, and parse the command line</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XrmInitialize(void);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XrmParseCommand(XrmDatabase
*<i>database</i>, XrmOptionDescList <i>table</i>, int
<i>table_count</i>, char *<i>name</i>, int
*<i>argc_in_out</i>, char **<i>argv_in_out</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>argc_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
arguments and returns the number of remaining arguments.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>argv_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the command line
arguments and returns the remaining arguments.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>database</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource database.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the application name.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>table</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the table of command line arguments to be
parsed.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>table_count</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of entries
in the table.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmInitialize</i> function initialize the resource
manager. It must be called before any other Xrm functions
are used.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmParseCommand</i> function parses an (argc, argv) pair
according to the specified option table, loads recognized
options into the specified database with type
&lsquo;&lsquo;String,&rsquo;&rsquo; and modifies the (argc,
argv) pair to remove all recognized options. If database
contains NULL, <i>XrmParseCommand</i> creates a new database
and returns a pointer to it. Otherwise, entries are added to
the database specified. If a database is created, it is
created in the current locale.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The specified
table is used to parse the command line. Recognized options
in the table are removed from argv, and entries are added to
the specified resource database in the order they occur in
argv. The table entries contain information on the option
string, the option name, the style of option, and a value to
provide if the option kind is <i>XrmoptionNoArg</i>. The
option names are compared byte-for-byte to arguments in
argv, independent of any locale. The resource values given
in the table are stored in the resource database without
modification. All resource database entries are created
using a &lsquo;&lsquo;String&rsquo;&rsquo; representation
type. The argc argument specifies the number of arguments in
argv and is set on return to the remaining number of
arguments that were not parsed. The name argument should be
the name of your application for use in building the
database entry. The name argument is prefixed to the
resourceName in the option table before storing a database
entry. The name argument is treated as a single component,
even if it has embedded periods. No separating (binding)
character is inserted, so the table must contain either a
period (.) or an asterisk (*) as the first character in each
resourceName entry. To specify a more completely qualified
resource name, the resourceName entry can contain multiple
components. If the name argument and the resourceNames are
not in the Host Portable Character Encoding, the result is
implementation-dependent.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmValue</i>, <i>XrmOptionKind</i>, and
<i>XrmOptionDescRec</i> structures contain:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned int size;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XPointer addr;</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XrmValue, *XrmValuePtr;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef enum
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="30%"></col>
<col width="62%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionNoArg,</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Value is specified in XrmOptionDescRec.value */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionIsArg,</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Value is the option string itself */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionStickyArg,</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Value is characters immediately following option
*/</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionSepArg,</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Value is next argument in argv */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionResArg,</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Resource and value in next argument in argv */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionSkipArg,</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Ignore this option and the next argument in argv
*/</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionSkipLine,</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Ignore this option and the rest of argv */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmoptionSkipNArgs</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Ignore this option and the next</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>


<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;XrmOptionDescRec.value arguments in
argv */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XrmOptionKind;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="30%"></col>
<col width="62%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *option;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Option specification string in argv */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>char *specifier;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Binding and resource name (sans application name)
*/</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XrmOptionKind argKind;/* Which style of option it is
*/</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XPointer value;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* Value to provide if XrmoptionNoArg or</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>


<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;XrmoptionSkipNArgs */</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XrmOptionDescRec,
*XrmOptionDescList;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XrmGetResource.3.xhtml"><em>XrmGetResource</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XrmMergeDatabases.3.xhtml"><em>XrmMergeDatabases</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XrmPutResource.3.xhtml"><em>XrmPutResource</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XrmUniqueQuark.3.xhtml"><em>XrmUniqueQuark</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
