<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:59 2012 -->
<title>XrmMergeDatabases</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XrmMergeDatabases</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XrmMergeDatabases,
XrmCombineDatabase, XrmCombineFileDatabase &minus; merge
resource databases</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XrmMergeDatabases(XrmDatabase <i>source_db</i>, XrmDatabase
*<i>target_db</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XrmCombineDatabase(XrmDatabase <i>source_db</i>, XrmDatabase
*<i>target_db</i>, Bool <i>override</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XrmCombineFileDatabase(char *<i>filename</i>, XrmDatabase
*<i>target_db</i>, Bool <i>override</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>source_db</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource database that is to be merged
into the target database.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>target_db</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource database into which the source
database is to be merged.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>filename</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource database file name.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>override</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies whether source entries override target
ones.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Calling the
<i>XrmMergeDatabases</i> function is equivalent to calling
the <i>XrmCombineDatabase</i> function with an override
argument of <i>True</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmCombineDatabase</i> function merges the contents of
one database into another. If the same specifier is used for
an entry in both databases, the entry in the source_db will
replace the entry in the target_db if override is
<i>True</i>; otherwise, the entry in source_db is discarded.
If target_db contains NULL, <i>XrmCombineDatabase</i> simply
stores source_db in it. Otherwise, source_db is destroyed by
the merge, but the database pointed to by target_db is not
destroyed. The database entries are merged without changing
values or types, regardless of the locales of the databases.
The locale of the target database is not modified.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XrmCombineFileDatabase</i> function merges the contents
of a resource file into a database. If the same specifier is
used for an entry in both the file and the database, the
entry in the file will replace the entry in the database if
override is <i>True</i>; otherwise, the entry in the file is
discarded. The file is parsed in the current locale. If the
file cannot be read, a zero status is returned; otherwise, a
nonzero status is returned. If target_db contains NULL,
<i>XrmCombineFileDatabase</i> creates and returns a new
database to it. Otherwise, the database pointed to by
target_db is not destroyed by the merge. The database
entries are merged without changing values or types,
regardless of the locale of the database. The locale of the
target database is not modified.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XrmGetResource.3.xhtml"><em>XrmGetResource</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XrmInitialize.3.xhtml"><em>XrmInitialize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XrmPutResource.3.xhtml"><em>XrmPutResource</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
