<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:04 2012 -->
<title>XrmPutResource</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XrmPutResource</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XrmPutResource,
XrmQPutResource, XrmPutStringResource,
XrmQPutStringResource, XrmPutLineResource &minus; store
database resources</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XrmPutResource(XrmDatabase
*<i>database</i>, char *<i>specifier</i>, char *<i>type</i>,
XrmValue *<i>value</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XrmQPutResource(XrmDatabase
*<i>database</i>, XrmBindingList <i>bindings</i>,
XrmQuarkList <i>quarks</i>, XrmRepresentation <i>type</i>,
XrmValue *<i>value</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XrmPutStringResource(XrmDatabase *<i>database</i>, char
*<i>specifier</i>, char *<i>value</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XrmQPutStringResource(XrmDatabase *<i>database</i>,
XrmBindingList <i>bindings</i>, XrmQuarkList <i>quarks</i>,
char *<i>value</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XrmPutLineResource(XrmDatabase *<i>database</i>, char
*<i>line</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>bindings</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a list of bindings.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>database</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource database.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>line</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource name and value pair as a single
string.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>quarks</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the complete or partial name or the class list
of the resource.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>specifier</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a complete or partial specification of the
resource.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the type of the resource.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>value</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the value of the resource, which is specified
as a string.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If database
contains NULL, <i>XrmPutResource</i> creates a new database
and returns a pointer to it. <i>XrmPutResource</i> is a
convenience function that calls
<i>XrmStringToBindingQuarkList</i> followed by:</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XrmQPutResource(database,
bindings, quarks, XrmStringToQuark(type), value)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
specifier and type are not in the Host Portable Character
Encoding, the result is implementation-dependent. The value
is stored in the database without modification.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If database
contains NULL, <i>XrmQPutResource</i> creates a new database
and returns a pointer to it. If a resource entry with the
identical bindings and quarks already exists in the
database, the previous type and value are replaced by the
new specified type and value. The value is stored in the
database without modification.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If database
contains NULL, <i>XrmPutStringResource</i> creates a new
database and returns a pointer to it.
<i>XrmPutStringResource</i> adds a resource with the
specified value to the specified database.
<i>XrmPutStringResource</i> is a convenience function that
first calls <i>XrmStringToBindingQuarkList</i> on the
specifier and then calls <i>XrmQPutResource</i>, using a
&lsquo;&lsquo;String&rsquo;&rsquo; representation type. If
the specifier is not in the Host Portable Character
Encoding, the result is implementation-dependent. The value
is stored in the database without modification.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If database
contains NULL, <i>XrmQPutStringResource</i> creates a new
database and returns a pointer to it.
<i>XrmQPutStringResource</i> is a convenience routine that
constructs an <i>XrmValue</i> for the value string (by
calling <i>strlen</i> to compute the size) and then calls
<i>XrmQPutResource</i>, using a
&lsquo;&lsquo;String&rsquo;&rsquo; representation type. The
value is stored in the database without modification.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If database
contains NULL, <i>XrmPutLineResource</i> creates a new
database and returns a pointer to it.
<i>XrmPutLineResource</i> adds a single resource entry to
the specified database. The line should be in valid
ResourceLine format (see section 15.1) terminated by a
newline or null character; the database that results from
using a string with incorrect syntax is
implementation-dependent. The string is parsed in the locale
of the database. If the <i>ResourceName</i> is not in the
Host Portable Character Encoding, the result is
implementation-dependent. Note that comment lines are not
stored.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XrmGetResource.3.xhtml"><em>XrmGetResource</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XrmInitialize.3.xhtml"><em>XrmInitialize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XrmMergeDatabases.3.xhtml"><em>XrmMergeDatabases</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XrmUniqueQuark.3.xhtml"><em>XrmUniqueQuark</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
