<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:13 2012 -->
<title>XSENDEXTENSIONEVENT</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSENDEXTENSIONEVENT</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSendExtensionEvent
&minus; send input extension events to a client</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Status
XSendExtensionEvent( Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
Window destination, <br/>
Bool propagate, <br/>
int event_count, <br/>
XEventClass *event_list, <br/>
XEvent *event_send);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device from which the events are to be <br/>
sent.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">destination
<br/>
Specifies the window the event is to be sent to. You can
<br/>
pass window id, PointerWindow,or InputFocus.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">propagate <br/>
Specifies a Boolean value that is either True or False.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">event_count
<br/>
Specifies the count of XEventClasses in event_list.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">event_list
<br/>
Specifies the list of event selections to be used.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">event_send
<br/>
Specifies a pointer to the event that is to be sent.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XSendExtensionEvent request identifies the destination <br/>
window, determines which clients should receive the
specified <br/>
events, and ignores any active grabs. This request requires
you <br/>
to pass an event class list. For a discussion of the valid
<br/>
event class names, see <a href="../man3/XOpenDevice.3.xhtml"><em>XOpenDevice</em>(3)</a> This <br/>
request uses the w argument to identify the destination
window <br/>
as follows: <br/>
* If w is PointerWindow,the destination window is the window
<br/>
that contains the pointer. <br/>
* If w is InputFocusand if the focus window contains the
<br/>
pointer,the destination window is the window that contains
<br/>
the pointer; otherwise, the destination window is the focus
<br/>
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">To determine
which clients should receive the specified events, <br/>
XSendExtensionEventuses the propagate argument as follows:
<br/>
* If event_list is the empty set,the event is sent to the
<br/>
client that created the destination window. If that client
<br/>
no longer exists,no event is sent. <br/>
* If propagate is False,the event is sent to every client
<br/>
selecting on destination any of the eventtypes specified by
<br/>
the event_list array. <br/>
* If propagate is Trueand no clients have selected on <br/>
destination any ofthe events specified by the event_list
<br/>
array,the destination is replaced with theclosest ancestor
<br/>
of destination for which some client has selected atype
<br/>
specified by the event&minus;list array and for which no
<br/>
interveningwindow has that type in <br/>
itsdo&minus;not&minus;propagate&minus;mask. If no such
window exists or if <br/>
the window isan ancestor of the focus window and <br/>
InputFocuswas originally specifiedas the destination, the
<br/>
event is not sent to any clients. Otherwise, the event is
<br/>
reported to every client selecting on the finaldestination
<br/>
any of the events specified in the event_list array.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The event in
the XEventstructure must be one of the events <br/>
defined by the input extension (or a BadValueerror results)
so <br/>
that the X server can correctly byte&minus;swapthe contents
as <br/>
necessary. The contents of the event areotherwise unaltered
and <br/>
unchecked by the X server except to force send_event to
Truein <br/>
the forwarded event and to set the serial number in the
event <br/>
correctly.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XSendExtensionEventreturns
zero if the conversion to wire <br/>
protocol format failedand returns nonzero <br/>
otherwise.XSendExtensionEventcan generate BadClass,
BadDevice, <br/>
BadValue, and BadWindow errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist or has not been opened by this client via
<br/>
XOpenInputDevice. This error may also occur if the <br/>
specified device is the X keyboard or X pointer device.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
Some numeric value falls outside the range of values <br/>
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is <br/>
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
<br/>
argument&acute;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
<br/>
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadWindow <br/>
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined <br/>
 window.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
