<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:01 2012 -->
<title>XSendEvent</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSendEvent</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSendEvent,
XDisplayMotionBufferSize, XGetMotionEvents, XTimeCoord
&minus; send events and pointer motion history structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XSendEvent(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, Bool <i>propagate</i>,
long <i>event_mask</i>, XEvent *<i>event_send</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">unsigned long
XDisplayMotionBufferSize(Display *<i>display</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XTimeCoord
*XGetMotionEvents(Display *<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>,
Time <i>start</i>, Time <i>stop</i>, int
*<i>nevents_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the event mask.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_send</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the event that is to
be sent.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>nevents_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of events
from the motion history buffer.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>propagate</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a Boolean value.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>start</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>stop</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the time interval in which the events are
returned from the motion history buffer. You can pass a
timestamp or <i>CurrentTime</i>. <i>PointerWindow</i>, or
<i>InputFocus</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window the window the event is to be sent
to,.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSendEvent</i> function identifies the destination
window, determines which clients should receive the
specified events, and ignores any active grabs. This
function requires you to pass an event mask. For a
discussion of the valid event mask names, see section 10.3.
This function uses the w argument to identify the
destination window as follows:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">If w is <i>PointerWindow</i>,
the destination window is the window that contains the
pointer.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If w is <i>InputFocus</i> and if the focus window
contains the pointer, the destination window is the window
that contains the pointer; otherwise, the destination window
is the focus window.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To determine
which clients should receive the specified events,
<i>XSendEvent</i> uses the propagate argument as
follows:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">If event_mask is the empty set,
the event is sent to the client that created the destination
window. If that client no longer exists, no event is
sent.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If propagate is <i>False</i>, the event is sent to every
client selecting on destination any of the event types in
the event_mask argument.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If propagate is <i>True</i> and no clients have selected
on destination any of the event types in event-mask, the
destination is replaced with the closest ancestor of
destination for which some client has selected a type in
event-mask and for which no intervening window has that type
in its do-not-propagate-mask. If no such window exists or if
the window is an ancestor of the focus window and
<i>InputFocus</i> was originally specified as the
destination, the event is not sent to any clients.
Otherwise, the event is reported to every client selecting
on the final destination any of the types specified in
event_mask.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The event in
the <i>XEvent</i> structure must be one of the core events
or one of the events defined by an extension (or a
<i>BadValue</i> error results) so that the X server can
correctly byte-swap the contents as necessary. The contents
of the event are otherwise unaltered and unchecked by the X
server except to force send_event to <i>True</i> in the
forwarded event and to set the serial number in the event
correctly; therefore these fields and the display field are
ignored by <i>XSendEvent</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSendEvent</i>
returns zero if the conversion to wire protocol format
failed and returns nonzero otherwise. <i>XSendEvent</i> can
generate <i>BadValue</i> and <i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The server may
retain the recent history of the pointer motion and do so to
a finer granularity than is reported by <i>MotionNotify</i>
events. The <i>XGetMotionEvents</i> function makes this
history available.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetMotionEvents</i> function returns all events in the
motion history buffer that fall between the specified start
and stop times, inclusive, and that have coordinates that
lie within the specified window (including its borders) at
its present placement. If the server does not support motion
history, if the start time is later than the stop time, or
if the start time is in the future, no events are returned;
<i>XGetMotionEvents</i> returns NULL. If the stop time is in
the future, it is equivalent to specifying
<i>CurrentTime</i>. <i>XGetMotionEvents</i> can generate a
<i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XTimeCoord</i> structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="92%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Time time;</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>short x, y;</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XTimeCoord;</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The time member
is set to the time, in milliseconds. The x and y members are
set to the coordinates of the pointer and are reported
relative to the origin of the specified window.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAnyEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XAnyEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XIfEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XIfEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XNextEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XNextEvent</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XPutBackEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XPutBackEvent</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
