<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:58 2012 -->
<title>XSetWMProperties</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetWMProperties</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">PROPERTIES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetWMProperties,
XmbSetWMProperties, Xutf8SetWMProperties &minus; set
standard window properties</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XSetWMProperties(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, XTextProperty
*<i>window_name</i>, XTextProperty *<i>icon_name</i>, char
**<i>argv</i>, int <i>argc</i>, XSizeHints
*<i>normal_hints</i>, XWMHints *<i>wm_hints</i>, XClassHint
*<i>class_hints</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XmbSetWMProperties(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, char *<i>window_name</i>,
char *<i>icon_name</i>, char *<i>argv</i>[], int
<i>argc</i>, XSizeHints *<i>normal_hints</i>, XWMHints
*<i>wm_hints</i>, XClassHint *<i>class_hints</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
Xutf8SetWMProperties(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, char *<i>window_name</i>, char *<i>icon_name</i>,
char *<i>argv</i>[], int <i>argc</i>, XSizeHints
*<i>normal_hints</i>, XWMHints *<i>wm_hints</i>, XClassHint
*<i>class_hints</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="65%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>argc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of arguments.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>argv</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the application&rsquo;s argument list.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>class_hints</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the <i>XClassHint</i>
structure to be used.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>icon_name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the icon name, which should be a
null-terminated string.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>normal_hints</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the size hints for
the window in its normal state.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>window_name</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the window name,
which should be a null-terminated string.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="68%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>wm_hints</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the <i>XWMHints</i> structure to be used.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWMProperties</i> convenience function provides a
single programming interface for setting those essential
window properties that are used for communicating with other
clients (particularly window and session managers).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
window_name argument is non-NULL, <i>XSetWMProperties</i>
calls <i>XSetWMName</i>, which in turn, sets the WM_NAME
property (see section 14.1.4). If the icon_name argument is
non-NULL, <i>XSetWMProperties</i> calls
<i>XSetWMIconName</i>, which sets the WM_ICON_NAME property
(see section 14.1.5). If the argv argument is non-NULL,
<i>XSetWMProperties</i> calls <i>XSetCommand</i>, which sets
the WM_COMMAND property (see section 14.2.1). Note that an
argc of zero is allowed to indicate a zero-length command.
Note also that the hostname of this machine is stored using
<i>XSetWMClientMachine</i> (see section 14.2.2).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
normal_hints argument is non-NULL, <i>XSetWMProperties</i>
calls <i>XSetWMNormalHints</i>, which sets the
WM_NORMAL_HINTS property (see section 14.1.7). If the
wm_hints argument is non-NULL, <i>XSetWMProperties</i> calls
<i>XSetWMHints</i>, which sets the WM_HINTS property (see
section 14.1.6).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
class_hints argument is non-NULL, <i>XSetWMProperties</i>
calls <i>XSetClassHint</i>, which sets the WM_CLASS property
(see section 14.1.8). If the res_name member in the
<i>XClassHint</i> structure is set to the NULL pointer and
the RESOURCE_NAME environment variable is set, then the
value of the environment variable is substituted for
res_name. If the res_name member is NULL, the environment
variable is not set, and argv and argv[0] are set, then the
value of argv[0], stripped of any directory prefixes, is
substituted for res_name.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XmbSetWMProperties</i> and <i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i>
convenience functions provide a simple programming interface
for setting those essential window properties that are used
for communicating with other clients (particularly window
and session managers).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
window_name argument is non-NULL, they set the WM_NAME
property. If the icon_name argument is non-NULL, they set
the WM_ICON_NAME property. The window_name and icon_name
arguments are null-terminated strings, for
<i>XmbSetWMProperties</i> in the encoding of the current
locale, for <i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i> in UTF-8 encoding.
If the arguments can be fully converted to the STRING
encoding, the properties are created with type
&lsquo;&lsquo;STRING&rsquo;&rsquo;; otherwise, the arguments
are converted to Compound Text, and the properties are
created with type
&lsquo;&lsquo;COMPOUND_TEXT&rsquo;&rsquo;.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
normal_hints argument is non-NULL, <i>XmbSetWMProperties</i>
and <i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i> call
<i>XSetWMNormalHints</i>, which sets the WM_NORMAL_HINTS
property (see section 14.1.7). If the wm_hints argument is
non-NULL, <i>XmbSetWMProperties</i> and
<i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i> call <i>XSetWMHints</i>, which
sets the WM_HINTS property (see section 14.1.6).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the argv
argument is non-NULL, <i>XmbSetWMProperties</i> and
<i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i> set the WM_COMMAND property from
argv and argc. An argc of zero indicates a zero-length
command.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The hostname of
the machine is stored using <i>XSetWMClientMachine</i> (see
section 14.2.2).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
class_hints argument is non-NULL, <i>XmbSetWMProperties</i>
and <i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i> set the WM_CLASS property.
If the res_name member in the <i>XClassHint</i> structure is
set to the NULL pointer and the RESOURCE_NAME environment
variable is set, the value of the environment variable is
substituted for res_name. If the res_name member is NULL,
the environment variable is not set, and argv and argv[0]
are set, then the value of argv[0], stripped of any
directory prefixes, is substituted for res_name.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">It is assumed
that the supplied class_hints.res_name and argv, the
RESOURCE_NAME environment variable, and the hostname of the
machine are in the encoding of the current locale. The
corresponding WM_CLASS, WM_COMMAND, and WM_CLIENT_MACHINE
properties are typed according to the local host locale
announcer. No encoding conversion is performed for these
strings prior to storage in the properties.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For clients
that need to process the property text in a locale,
<i>XmbSetWMProperties</i> and <i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i>
set the WM_LOCALE_NAME property to be the name of the
current locale. The name is assumed to be in the Host
Portable Character Encoding and is converted to STRING for
storage in the property.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWMProperties</i>,
<i>XmbSetWMProperties</i> and <i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The function
<i>Xutf8SetWMProperties</i> is an extension introduced by
The XFree86 Project, Inc. in their 4.0.2 release. Its
presence is indicated by the macro
<i>X_HAVE_UTF8_STRING</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">PROPERTIES
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><small>WM_CLASS</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Set by application programs to
allow window and session managers to obtain the
application&rsquo;s resources from the resource
database.</p> </td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><small>WM_CLIENT_MACHINE</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The string name of the machine
on which the client application is running.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><small>WM_COMMAND</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The command and arguments,
null-separated, used to invoke the application.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><small>WM_HINTS</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Additional hints set by the client for use by the window
manager. The C type of this property is <i>XWMHints</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><small>WM_ICON_NAME</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The name to be used in an
icon.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><small>WM_NAME</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The name of the application.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><small>WM_NORMAL_HINTS</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Size hints for a window in its
normal state. The C type of this property is
<i>XSizeHints</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocClassHint.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocClassHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XAllocIconSize.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocIconSize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocSizeHints</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocWMHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocWMHints</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XParseGeometry.3.xhtml"><em>XParseGeometry</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetCommand.3.xhtml"><em>XSetCommand</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTransientForHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTextProperty</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMClientMachine</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMColormapWindows</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMIconName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMIconName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMName</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProtocols</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XStringListToTextProperty</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XTextListToTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XTextListToTextProperty</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
