<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:30 2012 -->
<title>XSetPointerMapping</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetPointerMapping</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetPointerMapping,
XGetPointerMapping &minus; manipulate pointer settings</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetPointerMapping(Display
*<i>display</i>, unsigned char <i>map</i>[], int
<i>nmap</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGetPointerMapping(Display
*<i>display</i>, unsigned char <i>map_return</i>[], int
<i>nmap</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>map</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the mapping list.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>map_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the mapping list.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>nmap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of items in the mapping list.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetPointerMapping</i> function sets the mapping of the
pointer. If it succeeds, the X server generates a
<i>MappingNotify</i> event, and <i>XSetPointerMapping</i>
returns <i>MappingSuccess</i>. Element map[i] defines the
logical button number for the physical button i+1. The
length of the list must be the same as
<i>XGetPointerMapping</i> would return, or a <i>BadValue</i>
error results. A zero element disables a button, and
elements are not restricted in value by the number of
physical buttons. However, no two elements can have the same
nonzero value, or a <i>BadValue</i> error results. If any of
the buttons to be altered are logically in the down state,
<i>XSetPointerMapping</i> returns <i>MappingBusy</i>, and
the mapping is not changed.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetPointerMapping</i>
can generate a <i>BadValue</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetPointerMapping</i> function returns the current
mapping of the pointer. Pointer buttons are numbered
starting from one. <i>XGetPointerMapping</i> returns the
number of physical buttons actually on the pointer. The
nominal mapping for a pointer is map[i]=i+1. The nmap
argument specifies the length of the array where the pointer
mapping is returned, and only the first nmap elements are
returned in map_return.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XChangeKeyboardControl.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeKeyboardControl</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XChangeKeyboardMapping.3.xhtml"><em>XChangeKeyboardMapping</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
