<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:26:35 2012 -->
<title>XSetClipOrigin</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetClipOrigin</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetClipOrigin,
XSetClipMask, XSetClipRectangles &minus; GC convenience
routines</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetClipOrigin(Display
*<i>display</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int <i>clip_x_origin</i>, int
<i>clip_y_origin</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetClipMask(Display
*<i>display</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, Pixmap <i>pixmap</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetClipRectangles(Display
*<i>display</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int <i>clip_x_origin</i>, int
<i>clip_y_origin</i>, XRectangle <i>rectangles</i>[], int
<i>n</i>, int <i>ordering</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>clip_x_origin <br/>
clip_y_origin</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specify the x and y coordinates
of the clip-mask origin.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the GC.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>n</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of rectangles.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ordering</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the ordering relations on the rectangles. You
can pass <i>Unsorted</i>, <i>YSorted</i>, <i>YXSorted</i>,
or <i>YXBanded</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>pixmap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the pixmap or <i>None</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>rectangles</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies an array of
rectangles that define the clip-mask.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetClipOrigin</i> function sets the clip origin in the
specified GC. The clip-mask origin is interpreted relative
to the origin of whatever destination drawable is specified
in the graphics request.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetClipOrigin</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadGC</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetClipMask</i> function sets the clip-mask in the
specified GC to the specified pixmap. If the clip-mask is
set to <i>None</i>, the pixels are are always drawn
(regardless of the clip-origin).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetClipMask</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadGC</i>, <i>BadMatch</i>,
and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetClipRectangles</i> function changes the clip-mask in
the specified GC to the specified list of rectangles and
sets the clip origin. The output is clipped to remain
contained within the rectangles. The clip-origin is
interpreted relative to the origin of whatever destination
drawable is specified in a graphics request. The rectangle
coordinates are interpreted relative to the clip-origin. The
rectangles should be nonintersecting, or the graphics
results will be undefined. Note that the list of rectangles
can be empty, which effectively disables output. This is the
opposite of passing <i>None</i> as the clip-mask in
<i>XCreateGC</i>, <i>XChangeGC</i>, and
<i>XSetClipMask</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If known by the
client, ordering relations on the rectangles can be
specified with the ordering argument. This may provide
faster operation by the server. If an incorrect ordering is
specified, the X server may generate a <i>BadMatch</i>
error, but it is not required to do so. If no error is
generated, the graphics results are undefined.
<i>Unsorted</i> means the rectangles are in arbitrary order.
<i>YSorted</i> means that the rectangles are nondecreasing
in their Y origin. <i>YXSorted</i> additionally constrains
<i>YSorted</i> order in that all rectangles with an equal Y
origin are nondecreasing in their X origin. <i>YXBanded</i>
additionally constrains <i>YXSorted</i> by requiring that,
for every possible Y scanline, all rectangles that include
that scanline have an identical Y origins and Y extents.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetClipRectangles</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadGC</i>, <i>BadMatch</i>,
and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadGC</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a GContext argument does not name a defined
GContext.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreateGC.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateGC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XDrawRectangle.3.xhtml"><em>XDrawRectangle</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XQueryBestSize.3.xhtml"><em>XQueryBestSize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetArcMode.3.xhtml"><em>XSetArcMode</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetFillStyle.3.xhtml"><em>XSetFillStyle</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetFont.3.xhtml"><em>XSetFont</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetLineAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XSetLineAttributes</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetState.3.xhtml"><em>XSetState</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTile.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTile</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
