<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:11 2012 -->
<title>XSetScreenSaver</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetScreenSaver</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetScreenSaver,
XForceScreenSaver, XActivateScreenSaver, XResetScreenSaver,
XGetScreenSaver &minus; manipulate the screen saver</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetScreenSaver(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>timeout</i>, int <i>interval</i>,
int <i>prefer_blanking</i>, int <i>allow_exposures</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XForceScreenSaver(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>mode</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XActivateScreenSaver(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XResetScreenSaver(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGetScreenSaver(Display
*<i>display</i>, int *<i>timeout_return</i>, int
*<i>interval_return</i>, int *<i>prefer_blanking_return</i>,
int *<i>allow_exposures_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>allow_exposures</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the screen save
control values. You can pass <i>DontAllowExposures</i>,
<i>AllowExposures</i>, or <i>DefaultExposures</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>allow_exposures_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the current screen save
control value (<i>DontAllowExposures</i>,
<i>AllowExposures</i>, or <i>DefaultExposures</i>).</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>interval</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the interval, in seconds, between screen saver
alterations.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>interval_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the interval between
screen saver invocations.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the mode that is to be applied. You can pass
<i>ScreenSaverActive</i> or <i>ScreenSaverReset</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>prefer_blanking</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies how to enable screen
blanking. You can pass <i>DontPreferBlanking</i>,
<i>PreferBlanking</i>, or <i>DefaultBlanking</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>prefer_blanking_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the current screen
blanking preference (<i>DontPreferBlanking</i>,
<i>PreferBlanking</i>, or <i>DefaultBlanking</i>).</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>timeout</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the timeout, in seconds, until the screen
saver turns on.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>timeout_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the timeout, in
seconds, until the screen saver turns on.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Timeout and
interval are specified in seconds. A timeout of 0 disables
the screen saver (but an activated screen saver is not
deactivated), and a timeout of &minus;1 restores the
default. Other negative values generate a <i>BadValue</i>
error. If the timeout value is nonzero,
<i>XSetScreenSaver</i> enables the screen saver. An interval
of 0 disables the random-pattern motion. Both values are
limited to a 16-bit signed integer range by the wire
protocol, despite the C prototype. If no input from devices
(keyboard, mouse, and so on) is generated for the specified
number of timeout seconds once the screen saver is enabled,
the screen saver is activated.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">For each
screen, if blanking is preferred and the hardware supports
video blanking, the screen simply goes blank. Otherwise, if
either exposures are allowed or the screen can be
regenerated without sending <i>Expose</i> events to clients,
the screen is tiled with the root window background tile
randomly re-origined each interval seconds. Otherwise, the
screens&rsquo; state do not change, and the screen saver is
not activated. The screen saver is deactivated, and all
screen states are restored at the next keyboard or pointer
input or at the next call to <i>XForceScreenSaver</i> with
mode <i>ScreenSaverReset</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
server-dependent screen saver method supports periodic
change, the interval argument serves as a hint about how
long the change period should be, and zero hints that no
periodic change should be made. Examples of ways to change
the screen include scrambling the colormap periodically,
moving an icon image around the screen periodically, or
tiling the screen with the root window background tile,
randomly re-origined periodically.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetScreenSaver</i>
can generate a <i>BadValue</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
specified mode is <i>ScreenSaverActive</i> and the screen
saver currently is deactivated, <i>XForceScreenSaver</i>
activates the screen saver even if the screen saver had been
disabled with a timeout of zero. If the specified mode is
<i>ScreenSaverReset</i> and the screen saver currently is
enabled, <i>XForceScreenSaver</i> deactivates the screen
saver if it was activated, and the activation timer is reset
to its initial state (as if device input had been
received).</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XForceScreenSaver</i>
can generate a <i>BadValue</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XActivateScreenSaver</i> function activates the screen
saver.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XResetScreenSaver</i> function resets the screen
saver.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetScreenSaver</i> function gets the current screen
saver values.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Xlib &minus;
C Language X Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
