<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:37:20 2012 -->
<title>XSETDEVICEVALUATORS</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSETDEVICEVALUATORS</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetDeviceValuators
&minus; initialize the valuators on an extension input
device</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetDeviceValuators(
Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
int *valuators, <br/>
int first_valuator, <br/>
int num_valuators);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device whose valuators are to be <br/>
initialized.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">valuators <br/>
Specifies a pointer to an array of integer values to be
<br/>
used to initialize thedevice valuators.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">first_valuator
<br/>
Specifies the first valuator to be set. Valuators are <br/>
numbered beginning withzero.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">num_valuators
<br/>
Specifies the number of valuators to be set.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XSetDeviceValuators request sets the current values of the
<br/>
valuators of an input device. The valuators in the range
<br/>
first_valuator to (first_valuator + num_valuators) are set
to <br/>
the specified values. Valuators are numbered beginning with
0. <br/>
Not all input devices support initialization of valuator
<br/>
values. If this request is made to a device that does not
<br/>
support valuators initialization, a BadMatch error will
occur.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">If the request
succeeds, a status of Success is returned. If <br/>
another client has the device grabbed, a status of <br/>
AlreadyGrabbed is returned.</p>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XSetDeviceValuators
can generate a BadLength, BadDevice, <br/>
BadMatch, or BadValue error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist or has not been opened by this client via
<br/>
XOpenInputDevice.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadMatch <br/>
This error may occur if an XSetDeviceValuators request <br/>
is made specifying a device that has no valuators and <br/>
reports no axes of motion, or if such a request is made
<br/>
specifying a device that does not support valuator <br/>
initialization.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadValue <br/>
An invalid first_valuator or num_valuators values was <br/>
 specified.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
