<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:36:31 2012 -->
<title>XSETDEVICEMODE</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSETDEVICEMODE</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetDeviceMode
&minus; change the mode of a device</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">#include
&lt;X11/extensions/XInput.h&gt;</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetDeviceMode(
Display *display, <br/>
XDevice *device, <br/>
int mode);</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">display <br/>
Specifies the connection to the X server.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">device <br/>
Specifies the device whose mode is to be changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">mode <br/>
Specifies the mode.You can pass Absolute,or Relative.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">The
XSetDeviceMode request changes the mode of an input device
<br/>
that is capable of reporting either absolute positional
<br/>
information or relative motion information. Not all input
<br/>
devices are capable of reporting motion data, and not all
are <br/>
capable of changing modes from Absolute to Relative.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">XSetDeviceMode
can generate a BadDevice or BadMode error.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadDevice <br/>
An invalid device was specified. The specified device <br/>
does not exist or has not been opened by this client via
<br/>
XOpenInputDevice. This error may also occur if some <br/>
other client has caused the specified device to become <br/>
the X keyboard or X pointer device via the <br/>
XChangeKeyboardDevice or XChangePointerDevice requests.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadMatch <br/>
This error may occur if an XSetDeviceMode request is <br/>
made specifying a device that has no valuators and <br/>
reports no axes of motion.</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%; margin-top: 1em">BadMode <br/>
An invalid mode was specified. This error will also be <br/>
returned if the specified device is not capable of <br/>
supporting the XSetDeviceMode request.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
