<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:45:06 2012 -->
<title>XSetLineAttributes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetLineAttributes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetLineAttributes,
XSetDashes &minus; GC convenience routines</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetLineAttributes(Display
*<i>display</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, unsigned int
<i>line_width</i>, int <i>line_style</i>, int
<i>cap_style</i>, int <i>join_style</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetDashes(Display
*<i>display</i>, GC <i>gc</i>, int <i>dash_offset</i>, char
<i>dash_list</i>[], int <i>n</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>cap_style</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the line-style and cap-style you want to set
for the specified GC. You can pass <i>CapNotLast</i>,
<i>CapButt</i>, <i>CapRound</i>, or
<i>CapProjecting</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dash_list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the dash-list for the dashed line-style you
want to set for the specified GC.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>dash_offset</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the phase of the
pattern for the dashed line-style you want to set for the
specified GC.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the GC.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>join_style</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the line join-style
you want to set for the specified GC. You can pass
<i>JoinMiter</i>, <i>JoinRound</i>, or <i>JoinBevel</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>line_style</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the line-style you
want to set for the specified GC. You can pass
<i>LineSolid</i>, <i>LineOnOffDash</i>, or
<i>LineDoubleDash</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>line_width</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the line-width you
want to set for the specified GC.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="71%"></col>
<col width="3%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>n</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of elements in dash_list.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetLineAttributes</i> function sets the line drawing
components in the specified GC.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetLineAttributes</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadGC</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetDashes</i> function sets the dash-offset and
dash-list attributes for dashed line styles in the specified
GC. There must be at least one element in the specified
dash_list, or a <i>BadValue</i> error results. The initial
and alternating elements (second, fourth, and so on) of the
dash_list are the even dashes, and the others are the odd
dashes. Each element specifies a dash length in pixels. All
of the elements must be nonzero, or a <i>BadValue</i> error
results. Specifying an odd-length list is equivalent to
specifying the same list concatenated with itself to produce
an even-length list.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The dash-offset
defines the phase of the pattern, specifying how many pixels
into the dash-list the pattern should actually begin in any
single graphics request. Dashing is continuous through path
elements combined with a join-style but is reset to the
dash-offset between each sequence of joined lines.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The unit of
measure for dashes is the same for the ordinary coordinate
system. Ideally, a dash length is measured along the slope
of the line, but implementations are only required to match
this ideal for horizontal and vertical lines. Failing the
ideal semantics, it is suggested that the length be measured
along the major axis of the line. The major axis is defined
as the x axis for lines drawn at an angle of between
&minus;45 and +45 degrees or between 135 and 225 degrees
from the x axis. For all other lines, the major axis is the
y axis.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetDashes</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadGC</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadGC</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a GContext argument does not name a defined
GContext.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XCreateGC.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateGC</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XQueryBestSize.3.xhtml"><em>XQueryBestSize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetArcMode.3.xhtml"><em>XSetArcMode</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetClipOrigin.3.xhtml"><em>XSetClipOrigin</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetFillStyle.3.xhtml"><em>XSetFillStyle</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetFont.3.xhtml"><em>XSetFont</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetState.3.xhtml"><em>XSetState</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTile.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTile</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
