<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:06 2012 -->
<title>XSetInputFocus</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetInputFocus</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetInputFocus,
XGetInputFocus &minus; control input focus</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetInputFocus(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>focus</i>, int <i>revert_to</i>,
Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGetInputFocus(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window *<i>focus_return</i>, int
*<i>revert_to_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>focus</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window, <i>PointerRoot</i>, or
<i>None</i>.</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>focus_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the focus window,
<i>PointerRoot</i>, or <i>None</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>revert_to</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies where the input focus reverts to if the window
becomes not viewable. You can pass <i>RevertToParent</i>,
<i>RevertToPointerRoot</i>, or <i>RevertToNone</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>revert_to_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the current focus state
(<i>RevertToParent</i>, <i>RevertToPointerRoot</i>, or
<i>RevertToNone</i>).</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the time. You can pass either a timestamp or
<i>CurrentTime</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetInputFocus</i> function changes the input focus and
the last-focus-change time. It has no effect if the
specified time is earlier than the current last-focus-change
time or is later than the current X server time. Otherwise,
the last-focus-change time is set to the specified time
(<i>CurrentTime</i> is replaced by the current X server
time). <i>XSetInputFocus</i> causes the X server to generate
<i>FocusIn</i> and <i>FocusOut</i> events.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Depending on
the focus argument, the following occurs:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">If focus is <i>None</i>, all
keyboard events are discarded until a new focus window is
set, and the revert_to argument is ignored.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If focus is a window, it becomes the keyboard&rsquo;s
focus window. If a generated keyboard event would normally
be reported to this window or one of its inferiors, the
event is reported as usual. Otherwise, the event is reported
relative to the focus window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If focus is <i>PointerRoot</i>, the focus window is
dynamically taken to be the root window of whatever screen
the pointer is on at each keyboard event. In this case, the
revert_to argument is ignored.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The specified
focus window must be viewable at the time
<i>XSetInputFocus</i> is called, or a <i>BadMatch</i> error
results. If the focus window later becomes not viewable, the
X server evaluates the revert_to argument to determine the
new focus window as follows:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">If revert_to is
<i>RevertToParent</i>, the focus reverts to the parent (or
the closest viewable ancestor), and the new revert_to value
is taken to be <i>RevertToNone</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If revert_to is <i>RevertToPointerRoot</i> or
<i>RevertToNone</i>, the focus reverts to <i>PointerRoot</i>
or <i>None</i>, respectively. When the focus reverts, the X
server generates <i>FocusIn</i> and <i>FocusOut</i> events,
but the last-focus-change time is not affected.</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetInputFocus</i>
can generate <i>BadMatch</i>, <i>BadValue</i>, and
<i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetInputFocus</i> function returns the focus window and
the current focus state.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XWarpPointer.3.xhtml"><em>XWarpPointer</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
