<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:08 2012 -->
<title>XSetTextProperty</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetTextProperty</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">PROPERTIES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetTextProperty,
XGetTextProperty &minus; set and read text properties</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XSetTextProperty(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, XTextProperty
*<i>text_prop</i>, Atom <i>property</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XGetTextProperty(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, XTextProperty
*<i>text_prop_return</i>, Atom <i>property</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>property</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the property name.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>text_prop</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the <i>XTextProperty</i> structure to be
used.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>text_prop_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the
<i>XTextProperty</i> structure.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetTextProperty</i> function replaces the existing
specified property for the named window with the data, type,
format, and number of items determined by the value field,
the encoding field, the format field, and the nitems field,
respectively, of the specified <i>XTextProperty</i>
structure. If the property does not already exist,
<i>XSetTextProperty</i> sets it for the specified
window.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetTextProperty</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i>, <i>BadAtom</i>,
<i>BadValue</i>, and <i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetTextProperty</i> function reads the specified
property from the window and stores the data in the returned
<i>XTextProperty</i> structure. It stores the data in the
value field, the type of the data in the encoding field, the
format of the data in the format field, and the number of
items of data in the nitems field. An extra byte containing
null (which is not included in the nitems member) is stored
at the end of the value field of text_prop_return. The
particular interpretation of the property&rsquo;s encoding
and data as text is left to the calling application. If the
specified property does not exist on the window,
<i>XGetTextProperty</i> sets the value field to NULL, the
encoding field to <i>None</i>, the format field to zero, and
the nitems field to zero.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If it was able
to read and store the data in the <i>XTextProperty</i>
structure, <i>XGetTextProperty</i> returns a nonzero status;
otherwise, it returns a zero status.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetTextProperty</i>
can generate <i>BadAtom</i> and <i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">PROPERTIES
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><small>WM_CLIENT_MACHINE</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The string name of the machine
on which the client application is running.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><small>WM_COMMAND</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The command and arguments,
null-separated, used to invoke the application.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><small>WM_ICON_NAME</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The name to be used in an
icon.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="43%"></col>
<col width="31%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><small>WM_NAME</small></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The name of the application.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadAtom</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for an Atom argument does not name a defined
Atom.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocClassHint.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocClassHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XAllocIconSize.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocIconSize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocSizeHints</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocWMHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocWMHints</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetCommand.3.xhtml"><em>XSetCommand</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTransientForHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMClientMachine</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMColormapWindows</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMIconName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMIconName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMProperties.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProperties</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProtocols</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XStringListToTextProperty</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
