<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:07 2012 -->
<title>XSetErrorHandler</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetErrorHandler</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetErrorHandler,
XGetErrorText, XDisplayName, XSetIOErrorHandler,
XGetErrorDatabaseText &minus; default error handlers</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int (*XSetErrorHandler(int
(*<i>handler</i>)(Display *, XErrorEvent *)))();</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XGetErrorText(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>code</i>, char
*<i>buffer_return</i>, int <i>length</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XDisplayName(char
*<i>string</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int (*XSetIOErrorHandler(int
(*<i>handler</i>)(Display *)))();</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int
XGetErrorDatabaseText(Display *<i>display</i>, char
*<i>name</i>, char *<i>message</i>, char
*<i>default_string</i>, char *<i>buffer_return</i>, int
<i>length</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>buffer_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the error
description.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>code</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the error code for which you want to obtain a
description.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>default_string</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the default error
message if none is found in the database.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="72%"></col>
<col width="2%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>handler</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the program&rsquo;s supplied error
handler.</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>length</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the size of the buffer.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>message</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the type of the error message.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the name of the application.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>string</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the character string.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xlib generally
calls the program&rsquo;s supplied error handler whenever an
error is received. It is not called on <i>BadName</i> errors
from <i>OpenFont</i>, <i>LookupColor</i>, or
<i>AllocNamedColor</i> protocol requests or on
<i>BadFont</i> errors from a <i>QueryFont</i> protocol
request. These errors generally are reflected back to the
program through the procedural interface. Because this
condition is not assumed to be fatal, it is acceptable for
your error handler to return; the returned value is ignored.
However, the error handler should not call any functions
(directly or indirectly) on the display that will generate
protocol requests or that will look for input events. The
previous error handler is returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetErrorText</i> function copies a null-terminated
string describing the specified error code into the
specified buffer. The returned text is in the encoding of
the current locale. It is recommended that you use this
function to obtain an error description because extensions
to Xlib may define their own error codes and error
strings.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XDisplayName</i> function returns the name of the display
that <i>XOpenDisplay</i> would attempt to use. If a NULL
string is specified, <i>XDisplayName</i> looks in the
environment for the display and returns the display name
that <i>XOpenDisplay</i> would attempt to use. This makes it
easier to report to the user precisely which display the
program attempted to open when the initial connection
attempt failed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetIOErrorHandler</i> sets the fatal I/O error handler.
Xlib calls the program&rsquo;s supplied error handler if any
sort of system call error occurs (for example, the
connection to the server was lost). This is assumed to be a
fatal condition, and the called routine should not return.
If the I/O error handler does return, the client process
exits.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that the
previous error handler is returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetErrorDatabaseText</i> function returns a
null-terminated message (or the default message) from the
error message database. Xlib uses this function internally
to look up its error messages. The text in the
default_string argument is assumed to be in the encoding of
the current locale, and the text stored in the buffer_return
argument is in the encoding of the current locale.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The name
argument should generally be the name of your application.
The message argument should indicate which type of error
message you want. If the name and message are not in the
Host Portable Character Encoding, the result is
implementation-dependent. Xlib uses three predefined
&lsquo;&lsquo;application names&rsquo;&rsquo; to report
errors. In these names, uppercase and lowercase matter.
<br/>
XProtoError</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The protocol error number is
used as a string for the message argument.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">XlibMessage</p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">These are the message strings
that are used internally by the library.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XRequest</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>For a core protocol request, the major request protocol
number is used for the message argument. For an extension
request, the extension name (as given by
<i>InitExtension</i>) followed by a period (.) and the minor
request protocol number is used for the message argument. If
no string is found in the error database, the default_string
is returned to the buffer argument.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XOpenDisplay.3.xhtml"><em>XOpenDisplay</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSynchronize.3.xhtml"><em>XSynchronize</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
