<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:47 2012 -->
<title>XSetFontPath</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetFontPath</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetFontPath,
XGetFontPath, XFreeFontPath &minus; set, get, or free the
font search path</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">int
XSetFontPath(Display *<i>display</i>, char
**<i>directories</i>, int <i>ndirs</i>);</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char **XGetFontPath(Display
*<i>display</i>, int *<i>npaths_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XFreeFontPath(char
**<i>list</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>directories</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the directory path
used to look for a font. Setting the path to the empty list
restores the default path defined for the X server.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the array of strings you want to free.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ndirs</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of directories in the path.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>npaths_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of strings
in the font path array.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetFontPath</i> function defines the directory search
path for font lookup. There is only one search path per X
server, not one per client. The encoding and interpretation
of the strings are implementation-dependent, but typically
they specify directories or font servers to be searched in
the order listed. An X server is permitted to cache font
information internally; for example, it might cache an
entire font from a file and not check on subsequent opens of
that font to see if the underlying font file has changed.
However, when the font path is changed, the X server is
guaranteed to flush all cached information about fonts for
which there currently are no explicit resource IDs
allocated. The meaning of an error from this request is
implementation-dependent.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetFontPath</i>
can generate a <i>BadValue</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetFontPath</i> function allocates and returns an array
of strings containing the search path. The contents of these
strings are implementation-dependent and are not intended to
be interpreted by client applications. When it is no longer
needed, the data in the font path should be freed by using
<i>XFreeFontPath</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreeFontPath</i> function frees the data allocated by
<i>XGetFontPath</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Some numeric value falls outside
the range of values accepted by the request. Unless a
specific range is specified for an argument, the full range
defined by the argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any
argument defined as a set of alternatives can generate this
error.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XListFont.3.xhtml"><em>XListFont</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XLoadFonts.3.xhtml"><em>XLoadFonts</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
