<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:24 2012 -->
<title>XSetWMColormapWindows</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetWMColormapWindows</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">PROPERTIES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetWMColormapWindows,
XGetWMColormapWindows &minus; set or read a window&rsquo;s
WM_COLORMAP_WINDOWS property</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XSetWMColormapWindows(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, Window *<i>colormap_windows</i>, int
<i>count</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XGetWMColormapWindows(Display *<i>display</i>, Window
<i>w</i>, Window **<i>colormap_windows_return</i>, int
*<i>count_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>colormap_windows</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the list of
windows.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>colormap_windows_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the list of
windows.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="68%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>count</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of windows in the list.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>count_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of windows
in the list.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the window.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWMColormapWindows</i> function replaces the
WM_COLORMAP_WINDOWS property on the specified window with
the list of windows specified by the colormap_windows
argument. It the property does not already exist,
<i>XSetWMColormapWindows</i> sets the WM_COLORMAP_WINDOWS
property on the specified window to the list of windows
specified by the colormap_windows argument. The property is
stored with a type of WINDOW and a format of 32. If it
cannot intern the WM_COLORMAP_WINDOWS atom,
<i>XSetWMColormapWindows</i> returns a zero status.
Otherwise, it returns a nonzero status.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWMColormapWindows</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetWMColormapWindows</i> function returns the list of
window identifiers stored in the WM_COLORMAP_WINDOWS
property on the specified window. These identifiers indicate
the colormaps that the window manager may need to install
for this window. If the property exists, is of type WINDOW,
is of format 32, and the atom WM_COLORMAP_WINDOWS can be
interned, <i>XGetWMColormapWindows</i> sets the
windows_return argument to a list of window identifiers,
sets the count_return argument to the number of elements in
the list, and returns a nonzero status. Otherwise, it sets
neither of the return arguments and returns a zero status.
To release the list of window identifiers, use
<i>XFree</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetWMColormapWindows</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">PROPERTIES
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><small>WM_COLORMAP_WINDOWS</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">The list of window IDs that may
need a different colormap from that of their top-level
window.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocClassHint.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocClassHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XAllocIconSize.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocIconSize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocSizeHints</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocWMHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocWMHints</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetCommand.3.xhtml"><em>XSetCommand</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTransientForHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTextProperty</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMClientMachine</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMIconName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMIconName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMProperties.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProperties</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProtocols</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XStringListToTextProperty</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
