<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:47 2012 -->
<title>XSetWMProtocols</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetWMProtocols</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">PROPERTIES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetWMProtocols,
XGetWMProtocols &minus; set or read a window&rsquo;s
WM_PROTOCOLS property</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XSetWMProtocols(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, Atom *<i>protocols</i>,
int <i>count</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status XGetWMProtocols(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>w</i>, Atom
**<i>protocols_return</i>, int *<i>count_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="71%"></col>
<col width="3%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>count</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of protocols in the list.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>count_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of protocols
in the list.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
<col width="25%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>protocols</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the list of protocols.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>protocols_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the list of
protocols.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetWMProtocols</i> function replaces the WM_PROTOCOLS
property on the specified window with the list of atoms
specified by the protocols argument. If the property does
not already exist, <i>XSetWMProtocols</i> sets the
WM_PROTOCOLS property on the specified window to the list of
atoms specified by the protocols argument. The property is
stored with a type of ATOM and a format of 32. If it cannot
intern the WM_PROTOCOLS atom, <i>XSetWMProtocols</i> returns
a zero status. Otherwise, it returns a nonzero status.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetWMProtocols</i>
can generate <i>BadAlloc</i> and <i>BadWindow</i>
errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetWMProtocols</i> function returns the list of atoms
stored in the WM_PROTOCOLS property on the specified window.
These atoms describe window manager protocols in which the
owner of this window is willing to participate. If the
property exists, is of type ATOM, is of format 32, and the
atom WM_PROTOCOLS can be interned, <i>XGetWMProtocols</i>
sets the protocols_return argument to a list of atoms, sets
the count_return argument to the number of elements in the
list, and returns a nonzero status. Otherwise, it sets
neither of the return arguments and returns a zero status.
To release the list of atoms, use <i>XFree</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetWMProtocols</i>
can generate a <i>BadWindow</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">PROPERTIES
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><small>WM_PROTOCOLS</small></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">List of atoms that identify the
communications protocols between the client and window
manager in which the client is willing to participate.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocClassHint.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocClassHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XAllocIconSize.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocIconSize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocSizeHints</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocWMHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocWMHints</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetCommand.3.xhtml"><em>XSetCommand</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTransientForHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTextProperty</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMClientMachine</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMColormapWindows</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMIconName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMIconName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMName</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMProperties.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProperties</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XStringListToTextProperty</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
