<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:51 2012 -->
<title>XSetSelectionOwner</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSetSelectionOwner</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSetSelectionOwner,
XGetSelectionOwner, XConvertSelection &minus; manipulate
window selection</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XSetSelectionOwner(Display
*<i>display</i>, Atom <i>selection</i>, Window <i>owner</i>,
Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Window
XGetSelectionOwner(Display *<i>display</i>, Atom
<i>selection</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XConvertSelection(Display
*<i>display</i>, Atom <i>selection</i>, Atom <i>target</i>,
Atom <i>property</i>, Window <i>requestor</i>, Time
<i>time</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>owner</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the owner of the specified selection atom. You
can pass a window or <i>None</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>property</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the property name. You also can pass
<i>None</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>requestor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the requestor.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>selection</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the selection atom.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>target</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the target atom.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the time. You can pass either a timestamp or
<i>CurrentTime</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetSelectionOwner</i> function changes the owner and
last-change time for the specified selection and has no
effect if the specified time is earlier than the current
last-change time of the specified selection or is later than
the current X server time. Otherwise, the last-change time
is set to the specified time, with <i>CurrentTime</i>
replaced by the current server time. If the owner window is
specified as <i>None</i>, then the owner of the selection
becomes <i>None</i> (that is, no owner). Otherwise, the
owner of the selection becomes the client executing the
request.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the new
owner (whether a client or <i>None</i>) is not the same as
the current owner of the selection and the current owner is
not <i>None</i>, the current owner is sent a
<i>SelectionClear</i> event. If the client that is the owner
of a selection is later terminated (that is, its connection
is closed) or if the owner window it has specified in the
request is later destroyed, the owner of the selection
automatically reverts to <i>None</i>, but the last-change
time is not affected. The selection atom is uninterpreted by
the X server. <i>XGetSelectionOwner</i> returns the owner
window, which is reported in <i>SelectionRequest</i> and
<i>SelectionClear</i> events. Selections are global to the X
server.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XSetSelectionOwner</i>
can generate <i>BadAtom</i> and <i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XGetSelectionOwner</i> function returns the window ID
associated with the window that currently owns the specified
selection. If no selection was specified, the function
returns the constant <i>None</i>. If <i>None</i> is
returned, there is no owner for the selection.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XGetSelectionOwner</i>
can generate a <i>BadAtom</i> error.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XConvertSelection</i>
requests that the specified selection be converted to the
specified target type:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">If the specified selection has
an owner, the X server sends a <i>SelectionRequest</i> event
to that owner.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If no owner for the specified selection exists, the X
server generates a <i>SelectionNotify</i> event to the
requestor with property <i>None</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The arguments
are passed on unchanged in either of the events. There are
two predefined selection atoms: PRIMARY and SECONDARY.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XConvertSelection</i>
can generate <i>BadAtom</i> and <i>BadWindow</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAtom</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A value for an Atom argument
does not name a defined Atom.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadWindow</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Window argument does not name a defined
Window.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Xlib &minus;
C Language X Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
