<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:23:53 2012 -->
<title>XStoreBytes</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XStoreBytes</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XStoreBytes,
XStoreBuffer, XFetchBytes, XFetchBuffer, XRotateBuffers
&minus; manipulate cut and paste buffers</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XStoreBytes(Display
*<i>display</i>, char *<i>bytes</i>, int <i>nbytes</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XStoreBuffer(Display
*<i>display</i>, char *<i>bytes</i>, int <i>nbytes</i>, int
<i>buffer</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XFetchBytes(Display
*<i>display</i>, int *<i>nbytes_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XFetchBuffer(Display
*<i>display</i>, int *<i>nbytes_return</i>, int
<i>buffer</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XRotateBuffers(Display
*<i>display</i>, int <i>rotate</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>buffer</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the buffer in which you want to store the
bytes or from which you want the stored data returned.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>bytes</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the bytes, which are not necessarily ASCII or
null-terminated.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>nbytes</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of bytes to be stored.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>nbytes_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of bytes in
the buffer.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="69%"></col>
<col width="5%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>rotate</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies how much to rotate the cut buffers.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The data can
have embedded null characters and need not be
null-terminated. The cut buffer&rsquo;s contents can be
retrieved later by any client calling
<i>XFetchBytes</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XStoreBytes</i>
can generate a <i>BadAlloc</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If an invalid
buffer is specified, the call has no effect. The data can
have embedded null characters and need not be
null-terminated.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XStoreBuffer</i>
can generate a <i>BadAlloc</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFetchBytes</i> function returns the number of bytes in
the nbytes_return argument, if the buffer contains data.
Otherwise, the function returns NULL and sets nbytes to 0.
The appropriate amount of storage is allocated and the
pointer returned. The client must free this storage when
finished with it by calling <i>XFree</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFetchBuffer</i> function returns zero to the
nbytes_return argument if there is no data in the buffer or
if an invalid buffer is specified.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XFetchBuffer</i>
can generate a <i>BadValue</i> error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XRotateBuffers</i> function rotates the cut buffers, such
that buffer 0 becomes buffer n, buffer 1 becomes n + 1 mod
8, and so on. This cut buffer numbering is global to the
display. Note that <i>XRotateBuffers</i> generates
<i>BadMatch</i> errors if any of the eight buffers have not
been created.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XRotateBuffers</i>
can generate a <i>BadMatch</i> error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAlloc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">The server failed to allocate
the requested resource or server memory.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadAtom</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for an Atom argument does not name a defined
Atom.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadMatch</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some argument or pair of arguments has the correct type
and range but fails to match in some other way required by
the request.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
