<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:29:52 2012 -->
<title>XStoreColors</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XStoreColors</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XStoreColors,
XStoreColor, XStoreNamedColor &minus; set colors</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XStoreColors(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, XColor
<i>color</i>[], int <i>ncolors</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XStoreColor(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, XColor
*<i>color</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">int XStoreNamedColor(Display
*<i>display</i>, Colormap <i>colormap</i>, char
*<i>color</i>, unsigned long <i>pixel</i>, int
<i>flags</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>color</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the pixel and RGB values or the color name
string (for example, red).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>color</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an array of color definition structures to be
stored.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>colormap</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the colormap.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>flags</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies which red, green, and blue components are
set.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ncolors</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of <i>XColor</i> structures in the
color definition array.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>pixel</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the entry in the colormap.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XStoreColors</i> function changes the colormap entries of
the pixel values specified in the pixel members of the
<i>XColor</i> structures. You specify which color components
are to be changed by setting <i>DoRed</i>, <i>DoGreen</i>,
and/or <i>DoBlue</i> in the flags member of the
<i>XColor</i> structures. If the colormap is an installed
map for its screen, the changes are visible immediately.
<i>XStoreColors</i> changes the specified pixels if they are
allocated writable in the colormap by any client, even if
one or more pixels generates an error. If a specified pixel
is not a valid index into the colormap, a <i>BadValue</i>
error results. If a specified pixel either is unallocated or
is allocated read-only, a <i>BadAccess</i> error results. If
more than one pixel is in error, the one that gets reported
is arbitrary.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XStoreColors</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i>, <i>BadColor</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XStoreColor</i> function changes the colormap entry of
the pixel value specified in the pixel member of the
<i>XColor</i> structure. You specified this value in the
pixel member of the <i>XColor</i> structure. This pixel
value must be a read/write cell and a valid index into the
colormap. If a specified pixel is not a valid index into the
colormap, a <i>BadValue</i> error results.
<i>XStoreColor</i> also changes the red, green, and/or blue
color components. You specify which color components are to
be changed by setting <i>DoRed</i>, <i>DoGreen</i>, and/or
<i>DoBlue</i> in the flags member of the <i>XColor</i>
structure. If the colormap is an installed map for its
screen, the changes are visible immediately.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XStoreColor</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i>, <i>BadColor</i>, and
<i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XStoreNamedColor</i> function looks up the named color
with respect to the screen associated with the colormap and
stores the result in the specified colormap. The pixel
argument determines the entry in the colormap. The flags
argument determines which of the red, green, and blue
components are set. You can set this member to the bitwise
inclusive OR of the bits <i>DoRed</i>, <i>DoGreen</i>, and
<i>DoBlue</i>. If the color name is not in the Host Portable
Character Encoding, the result is implementation-dependent.
Use of uppercase or lowercase does not matter. If the
specified pixel is not a valid index into the colormap, a
<i>BadValue</i> error results. If the specified pixel either
is unallocated or is allocated read-only, a <i>BadAccess</i>
error results.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XStoreNamedColor</i>
can generate <i>BadAccess</i>, <i>BadColor</i>,
<i>BadName</i>, and <i>BadValue</i> errors.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>BadAccess</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">A client attempted to free a
color map entry that it did not already allocate.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadAccess</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A client attempted to store into a read-only color map
entry.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadColor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A value for a Colormap argument does not name a defined
Colormap.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadName</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A font or color of the specified name does not
exist.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>BadValue</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Some numeric value falls outside the range of values
accepted by the request. Unless a specific range is
specified for an argument, the full range defined by the
argument&rsquo;s type is accepted. Any argument defined as a
set of alternatives can generate this error.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocColor.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocColor</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XCreateColormap.3.xhtml"><em>XCreateColormap</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XQueryColor.3.xhtml"><em>XQueryColor</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
