<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:22 2012 -->
<title>XStringToKeysym</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XStringToKeysym</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XStringToKeysym,
XKeysymToString, XKeycodeToKeysym, XKeysymToKeycode,
XConvertCase &minus; convert keysyms</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">KeySym XStringToKeysym(char
*<i>string</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XKeysymToString(KeySym
<i>keysym</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">KeySym XKeycodeToKeysym(Display
*<i>display</i>, KeyCode <i>keycode</i>, int
<i>index</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">KeyCode XKeysymToKeycode(Display
*<i>display</i>, KeySym <i>keysym</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XConvertCase(KeySym
<i>keysym</i>, KeySym *<i>lower_return</i>, KeySym
*<i>upper_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the connection to the X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>index</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the element of KeyCode vector.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>keycode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the KeyCode.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>keysym</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the KeySym that is to be searched for or
converted.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>lower_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the lowercase form of
keysym, or keysym.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>string</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the name of the KeySym that is to be
converted.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>upper_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the uppercase form of
keysym, or keysym.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Standard KeySym
names are obtained from &lt;<i>X11/keysymdef.h</i>&gt; by
removing the XK_ prefix from each name. KeySyms that are not
part of the Xlib standard also may be obtained with this
function. The set of KeySyms that are available in this
manner and the mechanisms by which Xlib obtains them is
implementation-dependent.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the KeySym
name is not in the Host Portable Character Encoding, the
result is implementation-dependent. If the specified string
does not match a valid KeySym, <i>XStringToKeysym</i>
returns <i>NoSymbol</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The returned
string is in a static area and must not be modified. The
returned string is in the Host Portable Character Encoding.
If the specified KeySym is not defined,
<i>XKeysymToString</i> returns a NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XKeycodeToKeysym</i> function uses internal Xlib tables
and returns the KeySym defined for the specified KeyCode and
the element of the KeyCode vector. If no symbol is defined,
<i>XKeycodeToKeysym</i> returns <i>NoSymbol</i>.
<i>XKeycodeToKeysym</i> predates the XKB extension. If you
want to lookup a KeySym while using XKB you have to use
<i>XkbKeycodeToKeysym</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
specified KeySym is not defined for any KeyCode,
<i>XKeysymToKeycode</i> returns zero.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XConvertCase</i> function returns the uppercase and
lowercase forms of the specified Keysym, if the KeySym is
subject to case conversion; otherwise, the specified KeySym
is returned to both lower_return and upper_return. Support
for conversion of other than Latin and Cyrillic KeySyms is
implementation-dependent.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XkbKeycodeToKeysym.3.xhtml"><em>XkbKeycodeToKeysym</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XLookupKeysym.3.xhtml"><em>XLookupKeysym</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
