<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:06 2012 -->
<title>XStringListToTextProperty</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XStringListToTextProperty</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">STRUCTURES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XStringListToTextProperty,
XTextPropertyToStringList, XFreeStringList, XTextProperty
&minus; convert string lists and text property structure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XStringListToTextProperty(char **<i>list</i>, int
<i>count</i>, XTextProperty *<i>text_prop_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Status
XTextPropertyToStringList(XTextProperty *<i>text_prop</i>,
char ***<i>list_return</i>, int *<i>count_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XFreeStringList(char
**<i>list</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="49%"></col>
<col width="25%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>count</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of strings.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>count_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the number of
strings.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the list of strings to be freed.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>list</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a list of null-terminated character
strings.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>list_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns a list of
null-terminated character strings.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>text_prop</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the <i>XTextProperty</i> structure to be
used.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>text_prop_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the
<i>XTextProperty</i> structure.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XStringListToTextProperty</i> function sets the specified
<i>XTextProperty</i> to be of type STRING (format 8) with a
value representing the concatenation of the specified list
of null-separated character strings. An extra null byte
(which is not included in the nitems member) is stored at
the end of the value field of text_prop_return. The strings
are assumed (without verification) to be in the STRING
encoding. If insufficient memory is available for the new
value string, <i>XStringListToTextProperty</i> does not set
any fields in the <i>XTextProperty</i> structure and returns
a zero status. Otherwise, it returns a nonzero status. To
free the storage for the value field, use <i>XFree</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XTextPropertyToStringList</i> function returns a list of
strings representing the null-separated elements of the
specified <i>XTextProperty</i> structure. The data in
text_prop must be of type STRING and format 8. Multiple
elements of the property (for example, the strings in a
disjoint text selection) are separated by NULL (encoding 0).
The contents of the property are not null-terminated. If
insufficient memory is available for the list and its
elements, <i>XTextPropertyToStringList</i> sets no return
values and returns a zero status. Otherwise, it returns a
nonzero status. To free the storage for the list and its
contents, use <i>XFreeStringList</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XFreeStringList</i> function releases memory allocated by
<i>XmbTextPropertyToTextList</i>,
<i>Xutf8TextPropertyToTextList</i> and
<i>XTextPropertyToStringList</i> and the missing charset
list allocated by <i>XCreateFontSet</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">STRUCTURES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XTextProperty</i> structure contains:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef struct
{</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="8%"></col>
<col width="30%"></col>
<col width="62%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned char *value;/* property data */</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Atom encoding;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* type of property */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>int format;</p></td>
<td>


<p>/* 8, 16, or 32 */</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>unsigned long nitems;/* number of items in value */</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">} XTextProperty;</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XAllocClassHint.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocClassHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XAllocIconSize.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocIconSize</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocSizeHints</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XAllocWMHints.3.xhtml"><em>XAllocWMHints</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetCommand.3.xhtml"><em>XSetCommand</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTransientForHint</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetTextProperty.3.xhtml"><em>XSetTextProperty</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMClientMachine</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMColormapWindows</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMIconName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMIconName</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMName.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMName</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XSetWMProperties.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProperties</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.xhtml"><em>XSetWMProtocols</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
