<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:35 2012 -->
<title>XSupportsLocale</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XSupportsLocale</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XSupportsLocale,
XSetLocaleModifiers &minus; determine locale support and
configure locale modifiers</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="72%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Bool XSupportsLocale(void);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XSetLocaleModifiers(char
*<i>modifier_list</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>modifier_list</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the modifiers.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSupportsLocale</i> function returns <i>True</i> if Xlib
functions are capable of operating under the current locale.
If it returns <i>False</i>, Xlib locale-dependent functions
for which the <i>XLocaleNotSupported</i> return status is
defined will return <i>XLocaleNotSupported</i>. Other Xlib
locale-dependent routines will operate in the
&lsquo;&lsquo;C&rsquo;&rsquo; locale.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XSetLocaleModifiers</i> function sets the X modifiers for
the current locale setting. The modifier_list argument is a
null-terminated string of the form
&lsquo;&lsquo;{@<i>category</i>=<i>value</i>}&rsquo;&rsquo;,
that is, having zero or more concatenated
&lsquo;&lsquo;@<i>category</i>=<i>value</i>&rsquo;&rsquo;
entries, where <i>category</i> is a category name and
<i>value</i> is the (possibly empty) setting for that
category. The values are encoded in the current locale.
Category names are restricted to the POSIX Portable Filename
Character Set.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The local host
X locale modifiers announcer (on POSIX-compliant systems,
the XMODIFIERS environment variable) is appended to the
modifier_list to provide default values on the local host.
If a given category appears more than once in the list, the
first setting in the list is used. If a given category is
not included in the full modifier list, the category is set
to an implementation-dependent default for the current
locale. An empty value for a category explicitly specifies
the implementation-dependent default.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the function
is successful, it returns a pointer to a string. The
contents of the string are such that a subsequent call with
that string (in the same locale) will restore the modifiers
to the same settings. If modifier_list is a NULL pointer,
<i>XSetLocaleModifiers</i> also returns a pointer to such a
string, and the current locale modifiers are not
changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If invalid
values are given for one or more modifier categories
supported by the locale, a NULL pointer is returned, and
none of the current modifiers are changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">At program
startup, the modifiers that are in effect are unspecified
until the first successful call to set them. Whenever the
locale is changed, the modifiers that are in effect become
unspecified until the next successful call to set them.
Clients should always call <i>XSetLocaleModifiers</i> with a
non-NULL modifier_list after setting the locale before they
call any locale-dependent Xlib routine.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The only
standard modifier category currently defined is
&lsquo;&lsquo;im&rsquo;&rsquo;, which identifies the desired
input method. The values for input method are not
standardized. A single locale may use multiple input
methods, switching input method under user control. The
modifier may specify the initial input method in effect or
an ordered list of input methods. Multiple input methods may
be specified in a single im value string in an
implementation-dependent manner.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The returned
modifiers string is owned by Xlib and should not be modified
or freed by the client. It may be freed by Xlib after the
current locale or modifiers are changed. Until freed, it
will not be modified by Xlib.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>Xlib &minus;
C Language X Interface</i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
