<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:39 2012 -->
<title>XtAddEventHandler</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAddEventHandler</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAddEventHandler,
XtAddRawEventHandler, XtRemoveEventHandler,
XtRemoveRawEventHandler, XtInsertEventHandler,
XtInsertRawEventHandler &minus; add and remove event
handlers</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtAddEventHandler(Widget
<i>w</i>, EventMask <i>event_mask</i>, Boolean
<i>nonmaskable</i>, XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtAddRawEventHandler(Widget
<i>w</i>, EventMask <i>event_mask</i>, Boolean
<i>nonmaskable</i>, XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtRemoveEventHandler(Widget
<i>w</i>, EventMask <i>event_mask</i>, Boolean
<i>nonmaskable</i>, XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtRemoveRawEventHandler(Widget <i>w</i>, EventMask
<i>event_mask</i>, Boolean <i>nonmaskable</i>,
XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtInsertEventHandler(Widget
<i>w</i>, EventMask <i>event_mask</i>, Boolean
<i>nonmaskable</i>, XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>, XtListPosition <i>position</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtInsertRawEventHandler(Widget <i>w</i>, EventMask
<i>event_mask</i>, Boolean <i>nonmaskable</i>,
XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer <i>client_data</i>,
XtListPosition <i>position</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">typedef enum { XtListHead,
XtListTail } XtListPosition;</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies additional data to be
passed to the client&rsquo;s event handler.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the event mask for
which to call or unregister this procedure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>nonmaskable</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a Boolean value that
indicates whether this procedure should be called or removed
on the nonmaskable events (<i>GraphicsExpose</i>,
<i>NoExpose</i>, <i>SelectionClear</i>,
<i>SelectionRequest</i>, <i>SelectionNotify</i>,
<i>ClientMessage</i>, and <i>MappingNotify</i>).</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>proc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the procedure that is&nbsp;to be added or
removed.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget for which this event handler is
being registered.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>position</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies when the event handler is to be called
relative to other previously registered handlers.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAddEventHandler</i> function registers a procedure with
the dispatch mechanism that is to be called when an event
that matches the mask occurs on the specified widget. If the
procedure is already registered with the same client_data,
the specified mask is ORed into the existing mask. If the
widget is realized, <i>XtAddEventHandler</i> calls
<i>XSelectInput</i>, if necessary.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAddRawEventHandler</i> function is similar to
<i>XtAddEventHandler</i> except that it does not affect the
widget&rsquo;s mask and never causes an <i>XSelectInput</i>
for its events. Note that the widget might already have
those mask bits set because of other nonraw event handlers
registered on it.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtRemoveRawEventHandler</i> function stops the specified
procedure from receiving the specified events. Because the
procedure is a raw event handler, this does not affect the
widget&rsquo;s mask and never causes a call on
<i>XSelectInput</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtInsertEventHandler</i>
is identical to <i>XtAddEventHandler</i> with the additional
<i>position</i> argument. if <i>position</i> is
<i>XtListHead</i>, the event handler is registered to that
it will be called before any event handlers that were
previously registered for the same widget. If
<i>position</i> is <i>XtListTail</i>, the event handler is
registered to be called after any previously registered
event handlers. If the procedure is already registered with
the same <i>client_data</i> value, the specified mask
augments the existing mask and the procedure is repositioned
in the list.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtInsertRawEventHandler</i>
is similar to <i>XtInsertEventHandler</i> except that it
does not modify the widget&rsquo;s event mask and never
causes an <i>XSelectInput</i> for the specified events. If
the procedure is already registered with the same
<i>client_data</i> value, the specified mask augments the
existing mask and the procedure is repositioned in the
list.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppNextEvent.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppNextEvent</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtBuildEventMask.3.xhtml"><em>XtBuildEventMask</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
