<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:51 2012 -->
<title>XtAddGrab</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAddGrab</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAddGrab,
XtRemoveGrab &minus; redirect user input to a modal
widget</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtAddGrab(Widget <i>w</i>,
Boolean <i>exclusive</i>, Boolean <i>spring_loaded</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtRemoveGrab(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>exclusive</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies whether user events should be dispatched
exclusively to this widget or also to previous widgets in
the cascade.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>spring_loaded</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies whether this widget
was popped up because the user pressed a pointer button.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget to add to or remove from the modal
cascade.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAddGrab</i> function appends the widget (and associated
parameters) to the modal cascade and checks that exclusive
is <i>True</i> if spring_loaded is <i>True</i>. If these are
not <i>True</i>, <i>XtAddGrab</i> generates an error.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The modal
cascade is used by <i>XtDispatchEvent</i> when it tries to
dispatch a user event. When at least one modal widget is in
the widget cascade, <i>XtDispatchEvent</i> first determines
if the event should be delivered. It starts at the most
recent cascade entry and follows the cascade up to and
including the most recent cascade entry added with the
exclusive parameter <i>True</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">This subset of
the modal cascade along with all descendants of these
widgets comprise the active subset. User events that occur
outside the widgets in this subset are ignored or remapped.
Modal menus with submenus generally add a submenu widget to
the cascade with exclusive <i>False</i>. Modal dialog boxes
that need to restrict user input to the most deeply nested
dialog box add a subdialog widget to the cascade with
exclusive <i>True</i>. User events that occur within the
active subset are delivered to the appropriate widget, which
is usually a child or further descendant of the modal
widget.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Regardless of
where on the screen they occur, remap events are always
delivered to the most recent widget in the active subset of
the cascade that has spring_loaded <i>True</i>, if any such
widget exists.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtRemoveGrab</i> function removes widgets from the modal
cascade starting at the most recent widget up to and
including the specified widget. It issues an error if the
specified widget is not on the modal cascade.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
