<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:39:20 2012 -->
<title>XtAllocateGC</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAllocateGC</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAllocateGC
&minus; obtain a sharable GC with modifiable fields</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">GC XtAllocateGC(Widget <i>w</i>,
Cardinal <i>depth</i>, XtGCMask <i>value_mask</i>, XGCValues
*<i>values</i>, XtGCMask <i>dynamic_mask</i>, XtGCMask
<i>unused_mask</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="62%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>values</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the actual values for this GC.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>value_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies which fields of the
values are specified.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>depth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the depth for which the returned GC is valid,
or 0.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>dynamic_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the fields of the GC
that will be modified by the caller.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>unused_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the fields of the GC
that will not be needed by the caller.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAllocateGC</i> function returns a sharable GC that may
be modified by the client. The <i>screen</i> field of the
specified widget or of the nearest widget ancestor of the
specified object and the specified <i>depth</i> argument
supply the root and drawable depths for which the GC is to
be valid. If <i>depth</i> is zero the depth is taken from
the <i>depth</i> field of the specified widget or of the
nearest widget ancestor of the specified object.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>value_mask</i> argument specifies the fields of the GC
that will be initialized with the respective members of the
<i>values</i> structure. The <i>dynamic_mask</i> argument
specifies fields that the caller intends to modify during
program execution. The caller must ensure that the
corresponding GC field is set prior to each use of the GC.
The <i>unused_mask</i> argument specifies fields of the GC
that are of no interest to the caller. The caller may make
no assumptions about the contents of any fields specified in
<i>unused_mask</i>. The caller may assume that at all times
all fields not specified in either <i>dynamic_mask</i> or
<i>unused_mask</i> have their default value if not specified
in <i>value_mask</i> or the value specified by
<i>values</i>. If a field is specified in both
<i>value_mask</i> and <i>dynamic_mask</i>, the effect is as
if it were specified only in <i>dynamic_mask</i> and then
immediately set to the value in <i>values</i>. If a field is
set in <i>unused_mask</i> and also in either
<i>value_mask</i> or <i>dynamic_mask</i>, the specification
in <i>unused_mask</i> is ignored.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtAllocateGC</i>
tries to minimize the number of unique GCs created by
comparing the arguments with those of previous calls and
returning an existing GC when there are no conflicts.
<i>XtAllocateGC</i> may modify and return an existing GC if
it was allocated with a nonzero <i>unused_mask</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtGetGC
<br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
