<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:07 2012 -->
<title>XtAppCreateShell</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAppCreateShell</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAppCreateShell,
XtVaAppCreateShell &minus; create top-level widget
instance</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget XtAppCreateShell(String
<i>application_name</i>, String <i>application_class</i>,
WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>, Display *<i>display</i>,
ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal <i>num_args</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget XtVaAppCreateShell(String
<i>application_name</i>, String <i>application_class</i>,
WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>, Display *<i>display</i>,
...);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>application_name</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the name of the
application instance.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>application_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the class name of
this application.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>widget_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget
class&nbsp;that the application top-level widget should
be.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the display&nbsp;from which to get the
resources.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list&nbsp;from which to get the
resources.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of arguments in the argument
list.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>...</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable argument list&nbsp;from which to
get the resources.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAppCreateShell</i> function saves the specified
application name and application class for qualifying all
widget resource specifiers. The application name and
application class are used as the left-most components in
all widget resource names for this application.
<i>XtAppCreateShell</i> should be used to create a new
logical application within a program or to create a shell on
another display. In the first case, it allows the
specification of a new root in the resource hierarchy. In
the second case, it uses the resource database associated
with the other display.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that the
widget returned by <i>XtAppCreateShell</i> has the
<small>WM_COMMAND</small> property set for session managers
(see Chapter 4).</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtCreateWidget.3.xhtml"><em>XtCreateWidget</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
