<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:00 2012 -->
<title>XtAppAddSignal</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAppAddSignal</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAppAddSignal,
XtRemoveSignal, XtNoticeSignal &minus; register and remove a
signal source</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="87%"></col>
<col width="2%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtSignalId
XtAppAddSignal(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>,
XtSignalCallbackProc <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtRemoveSignal(XtSignalId
<i>id</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtNoticeSignal(XtSignalId
<i>id</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>app_context</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the application
context.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the argument that is
to be passed to the specified procedure when a signal has
been raised.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>id</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the ID returned from the corresponding
<i>XtAppAddSignal</i> call.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>proc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the procedure that is to be called when the
signal has been raised.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAppAddSignal</i> function initiates a mechanism for
handling signals within the context of the Intrinsics. Prior
to establishing an operating system dependent signal handler
the application may call <i>XtAppAddSignal</i> and store the
returned <i>id</i> in a place accessible to the signal
handler.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Upon receipt of
a signal from the operating system, the application may call
<i>XtNoticeSignal</i> passing the <i>id</i> returned by the
call to <i>XtAppAddSignal</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtNoticeSignal</i>
is the only Intrinsics function that can safely be called
from a signal handler. If <i>XtNoticeSignal</i> is called
multiple times before the Intrinsics are able to invoke the
registered callback, the callback is only called once.
Logically the Intrinsics maintain
&lsquo;&lsquo;pending&rsquo;&rsquo; for each registered
callback. This flag is initially <i>False</i> and is set to
<i>True</i> by <i>XtNoticeSignal</i>; the Intrinsics invoke
the callback whenever the flag is <i>True</i>, and the flag
is set to <i>False</i> just before the callback is
invoked.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtRemoveSignal</i> function is called to remove the
specified Intrinsics signal handler. The client should
disable the source of the signal before calling
<i>XtRemoveSignal</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppAddTimeOut.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppAddTimeOut</em>(3)</a>,<a href="../man3/XtAppAddInput.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppAddInput</em>(3)</a>,<a href="../man3/XtAppAddWorkProc.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppAddWorkProc</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
