<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:12 2012 -->
<title>XtAppAddInput</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAppAddInput</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">BUGS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAppAddInput,
XtRemoveInput &minus; register and remove an input
source</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtInputId
XtAppAddInput(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>, int
<i>source</i>, XtPointer <i>condition</i>,
XtInputCallbackProc <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtRemoveInput(XtInputId
<i>id</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>app_context</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the application
context that identifies the application.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the argument that is
to be passed to the specified procedure when input is
available.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>condition</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the mask that indicates a read, write, or
exception condition or some operating system dependent
condition.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>id</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the ID returned from the corresponding
<i>XtAppAddInput</i> call.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>proc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the procedure that is&nbsp;to be called when
input is available.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>source</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the source file descriptor on a UNIX-based
system or other operating system dependent device
specification.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAppAddInput</i> function registers with the Intrinsics
read routine a new source of events, which is usually file
input but can also be file output. Note that file should be
loosely interpreted to mean any sink or source of data.
<i>XtAppAddInput</i> also specifies the conditions under
which the source can generate events. When input is pending
on this source, the callback procedure is called.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The legal
values for the condition argument are operating-system
dependent. On a UNIX-based system, the condition is some
union of <i>XtInputReadMask</i>, <i>XtInputWriteMask</i>,
and <i>XtInputExceptMask</i>. The <i>XtRemoveInput</i>
function causes the Intrinsics read routine to stop watching
for input from the input source.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppAddTimeOut.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppAddTimeOut</em>(3)</a>,<a href="../man3/XtAppAddSignal.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppAddSignal</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>

<h2 id="heading6">BUGS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In ANSI C it is
necessary to cast the condition to an XtPointer, e.g.:</p>

<p style="margin-left:17%;">XtAppAddInput(app_context,</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">source, <b><br/>
(XtPointer)</b> (XtInputReadMask | XtInputWriteMask), <br/>
proc, <br/>
 client_data);</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
