<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:44:01 2012 -->
<title>XtAppSetTypeConverter</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAppSetTypeConverter</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAppSetTypeConverter,
XtSetTypeConverter &minus; register resource converter</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtAppSetTypeConverter(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>,
String <i>from_type</i>, String <i>to_type</i>, XtConverter
<i>converter</i>, XtConvertArgList <i>convert_args</i>,
Cardinal <i>num_args</i>, XtCacheType <i>cache_type</i>,
XtDestructor <i>destructor</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtSetTypeConverter(String
<i>from_type</i>, String <i>to_type</i>, XtConverter
<i>converter</i>, XtConvertArgList <i>convert_args</i>,
Cardinal <i>num_args</i>, XtCacheType <i>cache_type</i>,
XtDestructor <i>destructor</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>app_context</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the application
context.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="60%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>converter</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the type converter procedure.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>convert_args</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies how to compute the
additional arguments to the converter or NULL.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>from_type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the source type.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of additional arguments to the
converter or zero.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>to_type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the destination type.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>cache_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies whether or not
resources produced by this converter are sharable or
display-specific and when they should be freed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>destructor</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a destroy procedure
for resources produced by this conversion, or NULL if no
additional action is required to deallocate resources
produced by the converter.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtSetTypeConverter</i>
registers the specified type converter and destructor in all
application contexts created by the calling process,
including any future application contexts that may be
created. <i>XtAppSetTypeConverter</i> registers the
specified type converter in the single application context
specified. If the same <i>from_type</i> and <i>to_type</i>
are specified in multiple calls to either function, the most
recent overrides the previous ones.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
