<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:34 2012 -->
<title>XtAppNextEvent</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtAppNextEvent</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAppNextEvent,
XtAppPending, XtAppPeekEvent, XtAppProcessEvent,
XtDispatchEvent, XtAppMainLoop &minus; query and process
events and input</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtAppNextEvent(XtAppContext
<i>app_context</i>, XEvent *<i>event_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean
XtAppPeekEvent(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>, XEvent
*<i>event_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtInputMask
XtAppPending(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtAppProcessEvent(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>,
XtInputMask <i>mask</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtDispatchEvent(XEvent
*<i>event</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtAppMainLoop(XtAppContext
<i>app_context</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>app_context</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the application
context that identifies the application.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>event</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the event structure that is to be
dispatched to the appropriate event handler.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the event information
to the specified event structure.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>mask</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies what types of events to process. The mask is
the bitwise inclusive OR of any combination of
<i>XtIMXEvent</i>, <i>XtIMTimer</i>,
<i>XtIMAlternateInput</i>, and <i>XtIMSignal</i>. As a
convenience, the X Toolkit defines the symbolic name
<i>XtIMAll</i> to be the bitwise inclusive OR of all event
types.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the X event
queue is empty, <i>XtAppNextEvent</i> flushes the X output
buffers of each Display in the application context and waits
for an event while looking at the other input sources,
timeout timeout values, and signal handlers and calling any
callback procedures triggered by them. This wait time can be
used for background processing (see Section 7.8).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If there is an
event in the queue, <i>XtAppPeekEvent</i> fills in the event
and returns a nonzero value. If no X input is on the queue,
<i>XtAppPeekEvent</i> flushes the output buffer and blocks
until input is available (possibly calling some timeout
callbacks in the process). If the input is an event,
<i>XtAppPeekEvent</i> fills in the event and returns a
nonzero value. Otherwise, the input is for an alternate
input source, and <i>XtAppPeekEvent</i> returns zero.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAppPending</i> function returns a nonzero value if
there are events pending from the X server, timer pending,
or other input sources pending. The value returned is a bit
mask that is the OR of <i>XtIMXEvent</i>, <i>XtIMTimer</i>,
<i>XtIMAlternateInput</i>, and <i>XtIMSignal</i> (see
<i>XtAppProcessEvent</i>). If there are no events pending,
<i>XtAppPending</i> flushes the output buffer and returns
zero.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAppProcessEvent</i> function processes one timer,
alternate input, signal source, or X event. If there is
nothing of the appropriate type to process,
<i>XtAppProcessEvent</i> blocks until there is. If there is
more than one type of thing available to process, it is
undefined which will get processed. Usually, this procedure
is not called by client applications (see
<i>XtAppMainLoop</i>). <i>XtAppProcessEvent</i> processes
timer events by calling any appropriate timer callbacks,
alternate input by calling any appropriate alternate input
callbacks, signal source by calling any appropriate signal
callbacks, and X events by calling
<i>XtDispatchEvent</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When an X event
is received, it is passed to <i>XtDispatchEvent</i>, which
calls the appropriate event handlers and passes them the
widget, the event, and client-specific data registered with
each procedure. If there are no handlers for that event
registered, the event is ignored and the dispatcher simply
returns. The order in which the handlers are called is
undefined.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtDispatchEvent</i> function sends those events to the
event handler functions that have been previously registered
with the dispatch routine. <i>XtDispatchEvent</i> returns
<i>True</i> if it dispatched the event to some handler and
<i>False</i> if it found no handler to dispatch the event
to. The most common use of <i>XtDispatchEvent</i> is to
dispatch events acquired with the <i>XtAppNextEvent</i>
procedure. However, it also can be used to dispatch
user-constructed events. <i>XtDispatchEvent</i> also is
responsible for implementing the grab semantics for
<i>XtAddGrab</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAppMainLoop</i> function first reads the next incoming
X event by calling <i>XtAppNextEvent</i> and then it
dispatches the event to the appropriate registered procedure
by calling <i>XtDispatchEvent</i>. This constitutes the main
loop of X Toolkit applications, and, as such, it does not
return unless <i>XtAppSetExitFlag</i> is called.
Applications are expected to exit in response to some user
action. There is nothing special about <i>XtAppMainLoop</i>;
it is simply an loop that calls <i>XtAppNextEvent</i> and
then <i>XtDispatchEvent</i>, until <i>XtAppGetExitFlag</i>()
returns true.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Applications
can provide their own version of this loop, which tests some
global termination flag or tests that the number of
top-level widgets is larger than zero before circling back
to the call to <i>XtAppNextEvent</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
