<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:27 2012 -->
<title>XtClass</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtClass</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtClass,
XtSuperclass, XtIsSubclass, XtCheckSubclass, XtIsObject,
XtIsRectObj, XtIsWidget, XtIsComposite, XtIsConstraint,
XtIsShell, XtIsOverrideShell, XtIsWMShell, XtIsVendorShell,
XtIsTransientShell, XtIsTopLevelShell, XtIsApplicationShell,
XtIsSessionShell &minus; obtain and verify a widget&rsquo;s
class</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">WidgetClass XtClass(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">WidgetClass XtSuperclass(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsSubclass(Widget
<i>w</i>, WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtCheckSubclass(Widget
<i>widget</i>, WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>, String
<i>message</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsObject(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsRectObj(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsWidget(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsComposite(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsConstraint(Widget
<i>w</i>,</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsShell(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsOverrideShell(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsWMShell(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsVendorShell(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean
XtIsTransientShell(Widget <i>w</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsTopLevelShell(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean
XtIsApplicationShell(Widget <i>w</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsSessionShell(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>widget_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget class.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="63%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>message</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the message that is to be used.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtClass</i> function returns a pointer to the
widget&rsquo;s class structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtSuperclass</i> function returns a pointer to the
widget&rsquo;s superclass class structure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtIsSubclass</i> function returns <i>True</i> if the
class of the specified widget is equal to or is a subclass
of the specified class. The widget&rsquo;s class can be any
number of subclasses down the chain and need not be an
immediate subclass of the specified class. Composite widgets
that need to restrict the class of the items they contain
can use <i>XtIsSubclass</i> to find out if a widget belongs
to the desired class of objects.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCheckSubclass</i> macro determines if the class of the
specified widget is equal to or is a subclass of the
specified widget class. The widget can be any number of
subclasses down the chain and need not be an immediate
subclass of the specified widget class. If the specified
widget is not a subclass, <i>XtCheckSubclass</i> constructs
an error message from the supplied message, the
widget&rsquo;s actual class, and the expected class and
calls <i>XtErrorMsg</i>. <i>XtCheckSubclass</i> should be
used at the entry point of exported routines to ensure that
the client has passed in a valid widget class for the
exported operation.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtCheckSubclass</i>
is only executed when the widget has been compiled with the
compiler symbol DEBUG defined; otherwise, it is defined as
the empty string and generates no code.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To test if a
given widget belongs to a subclass of an Intrinsics-defined
class, the Intrinsics defines macros or functions equivalent
to <i>XtIsSubclass</i> for each of the built-in classes.
These procedures are <i>XtIsObject</i>, <i>XtIsRectObj</i>,
<i>XtIsWidget</i>, <i>XtIsComposite</i>,
<i>XtIsConstraint</i>, <i>XtIsShell</i>,
<i>XtIsOverrideShell</i>, <i>XtIsWMShell</i>,
<i>XtIsVendorShell</i>, <i>XtIsTransientShell</i>,
<i>XtIsTopLevelShell</i>, <i>XtIsApplicationShell</i>, and
<i>XtIsSessionShell</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppErrorMsg.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppErrorMsg</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtDisplay.3.xhtml"><em>XtDisplay</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
