<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:29 2012 -->
<title>XtConfigureWidget</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtConfigureWidget</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtConfigureWidget,
XtMoveWidget, XtResizeWidget &minus; move and resize
widgets</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtConfigureWidget(Widget
<i>w</i>, Position <i>x</i>, Position <i>y</i>, Dimension
<i>width</i>, Dimension <i>height</i>, Dimension
<i>border_width</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtMoveWidget(Widget
<i>w</i>, Position <i>x</i>, Position <i>y</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtResizeWidget(Widget
<i>w</i>, Dimension <i>width</i>, Dimension <i>height</i>,
Dimension <i>border_width</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtResizeWindow(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="80%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>width</i></p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>height</i></p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>border_width</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specify the new widget
size.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>x</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>y</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the new widget x and y coordinates.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtConfigureWidget</i> function returns immediately if the
specified geometry fields are the same as the old values.
Otherwise, <i>XtConfigureWidget</i> writes the new x, y,
width, height, and border_width values into the widget and,
if the widget is realized, makes an Xlib
<i>XConfigureWindow</i> call on the widget&rsquo;s
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If either the
new width or height is different from its old value,
<i>XtConfigureWidget</i> calls the widget&rsquo;s resize
procedure to notify it of the size change; otherwise, it
simply returns.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtMoveWidget</i> function returns immediately if the
specified geometry fields are the same as the old values.
Otherwise, <i>XtMoveWidget</i> writes the new x and y values
into the widget and, if the widget is realized, issues an
Xlib <i>XMoveWindow</i> call on the widget&rsquo;s
window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtResizeWidget</i> function returns immediately if the
specified geometry fields are the same as the old values.
Otherwise, <i>XtResizeWidget</i> writes the new width,
height, and border_width values into the widget and, if the
widget is realized, issues an <i>XConfigureWindow</i> call
on the widget&rsquo;s window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the new
width or height are different from the old values,
<i>XtResizeWidget</i> calls the widget&rsquo;s resize
procedure to notify it of the size change.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtResizeWindow</i> function calls the
<i>XConfigureWindow</i> Xlib function to make the window of
the specified widget match its width, height, and border
width. This request is done unconditionally because there is
no way to tell if these values match the current values.
Note that the widget&rsquo;s resize procedure is not
called.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">There are very
few times to use <i>XtResizeWindow</i>; instead, you should
use <i>XtResizeWidget</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtMakeGeometryRequest.3.xhtml"><em>XtMakeGeometryRequest</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtQueryGeometry.3.xhtml"><em>XtQueryGeometry</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
