<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:37:57 2012 -->
<title>XtConvert</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtConvert</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtConvert,
XtDirectConvert &minus; invoke resource converters</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtConvert(Widget <i>w</i>,
String <i>from_type</i>, XrmValuePtr <i>from</i>, String
<i>to_type</i>, XrmValuePtr <i>to_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtDirectConvert(XtConverter
<i>converter</i>, XrmValuePtr <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>, XrmValuePtr <i>from</i>, XrmValuePtr
<i>to_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list that contains the additional
arguments needed to perform the conversion (often NULL).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>converter</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the conversion procedure that is to be
called.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>from</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the value to be converted.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>from_type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the source type.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of additional arguments (often
zero).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>to_type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the destination type.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>to_return</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Returns the converted value.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget to use for additional arguments (if
any are needed).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtConvert</i> function looks up the type converter
registered to convert from_type to to_type, computes any
additional arguments needed, and then calls
<i>XtDirectConvert</i>. <i>XtConvert</i> has been replaced
by <i>XtConvertAndStore</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtDirectConvert</i> function looks in the converter cache
to see if this conversion procedure has been called with the
specified arguments. If so, it returns a descriptor for
information stored in the cache; otherwise, it calls the
converter and enters the result in the cache.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Before calling
the specified converter, <i>XtDirectConvert</i> sets the
return value size to zero and the return value address to
NULL. To determine if the conversion was successful, the
client should check to_return.address for non-NULL.
<i>XtDirectConvert</i> has been replaced by
<i>XtCallConverter</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppAddConverter.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppAddConverter</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtStringConversionWarning.3.xhtml"><em>XtStringConversionWarning</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XtConvertAndStore.3.xhtml"><em>XtConvertAndStore</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtCallConverter.3.xhtml"><em>XtCallConverter</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
