<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:52 2012 -->
<title>XtConvertAndStore</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtConvertAndStore</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtConvertAndStore,
XtCallConverter &minus; invoke resource converters</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtConvertAndStore(Widget
<i>widget</i>, String <i>from_type</i>, XrmValuePtr
<i>from</i>, String <i>to_type</i>, XrmValuePtr
<i>to_in_out</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtCallConverter(Display*
<i>dpy</i>, XtConverter <i>converter</i>, XrmValuePtr
<i>args</i>, Cardinal <i>num_args</i>, XrmValuePtr
<i>from</i>, XrmValuePtr <i>to_in_out</i>, XtCacheRef*
<i>cache_ref_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list that contains the additional
arguments needed to perform the conversion, or NULL.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>converter</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the conversion procedure that is to be
called.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>from</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the value to be converted.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>from_type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the source type.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of additional arguments (often
zero).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>to_type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the destination type.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>to_in_out</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Returns the converted value.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>widget</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget to use for additional arguments, if
any are needed, and the destroy callback list.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dpy</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the display with which the conversion is to be
associated.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtConvertAndStore</i> function looks up the type
converter registered to convert from_type to to_type,
computes any additional arguments needed, and then calls
<i>XtCallConverter</i>. (or <i>XtDirectConvert</i> if an
old-style converter was registered with
<i>XtAddConverter</i> or <i>XtAppAddConverter</i>. ) with
the from and to_in_out arguments.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCallConverter</i> function looks up the specified type
converter in the application context associated with the
display and, if the converter was not registered or was
registered with cache type <i>XtCacheAll</i> or
<i>XtCacheByDisplay</i> looks in the conversion cache to see
if this conversion procedure has been called with the
specified conversion arguments. If so, it checks the success
status of the prior call, and if the conversion failed,
<i>XtCallConverter</i> returns <i>False</i> immediately;
otherwise it checks the size specified in the <i>to</i>
argument and, if it is greater than or equal to the size
stored in the cache, copies the information stored in the
cache into the location specified by <i>to-&gt;addr</i>,
stores the cache size into <i>to-&gt;size</i>, and returns
<i>True</i>. If the size specified in the <i>to</i> argument
is smaller than the size stored in the cache,
<i>XtCallConverter</i> copies the cache size into the
<i>to-&gt;size</i> and returns <i>False</i>. If the
converter was registered with cache type <i>XtCacheNone</i>
or no value was found in the conversion cache,
<i>XtCallConverter</i> calls the converter and, if it was
not registered with cache type <i>XtCacheNone</i>, enters
the result into the cache. <i>XtCallConverter</i> then
returns what the converter returned.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>cache_ref_return</i> field specifies storage allocated by
the caller in which an opaque value will be stored. If the
type converter has been registered with the
<i>XtCacheRefCount</i> modifier and if the value returned in
in <i>cache_ref_return</i> is non-NULL, then the call should
store the <i>cache_ref_return</i> value in order to
decrement the reference count when the converted value is no
longer required. The <i>cache_ref_return</i> argument should
be NULL if the caller is unwilling or unable to store the
value.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppReleaseCacheRefs.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppReleaseCacheRefs</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
