<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:49 2012 -->
<title>XtCreateSelectionRequest</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtCreateSelectionRequest</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtCreateSelectionRequest,
XtSendSelectionRequest, XtCancelSelectionRequest &minus;
bundle multiple selection conversion requests into a single
request using MULTIPLE target</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtCreateSelectionRequest(Widget <i>requestor</i>, Atom
<i>selection</i>):</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtSendSelectionRequest(Widget <i>requestor</i>, Atom
<i>selection</i>, Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtCancelSelectionRequest(Widget <i>requestor</i>, Atom
<i>selection</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>requestor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget making the request. Must be of
class Core or a subclass thereof.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>selection</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the particular selection desired.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the timestamp to be used in making the
request.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When
<i>XtCreateSelectionRequest</i> is called, subsequent calls
to <i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> and
<i>XtGetSelectionValueIncremental</i> with the requestor and
selection as specified to <i>XtCreateSelectionRequest</i>
will be bundled into a single selection conversion request
with multiple targets. The request is actually initiated by
calling <i>XtSendSelectionRequest</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When
<i>XtSendSelectionRequest</i> is called with a value of
<i>requestor</i> and <i>selection</i> matching a previous
call to <i>XtCreateSelectionRequest</i>, a selection
conversion request is actually sent to the selection owner.
If a single target request is queued, that request is made.
If multiple targets are queued they are bundled into a
single request with the target MULTIPLE using the specified
timestamp. As the conversions are made, the callbacks
associated with each <i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> and
<i>XtGetSelectionValueIncremental</i> are invoked in
turn.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Multi-threaded
applications should lock the application context before
calling <i>XtCreateSelectionRequest</i> and release the lock
after calling <i>XtSendSelectionRequest</i> to ensure that
the thread assembling the request is safe from interference
by another thread assembling a different request naming the
same widget and selection.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">When
<i>XtCancelSelectionRequest</i> is called, any requests
queued since the last call to
<i>XtCreateSelectionRequest</i> are cleaned up. Subsequent
calls to <i>XtGetSelectionValue</i>,
<i>XtGetSelectionValues</i>,
<i>XtGetSelectionValueIncremental</i>, and
<i>XtGetSelectionValuesIncremental</i> will not be
deferred.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
