<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:01 2012 -->
<title>XtCreateWidget</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtCreateWidget</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtCreateWidget,
XtVaCreateWidget, XtCreateManagedWidget,
XtVaCreateManagedWidget, XtDestroyWidget &minus; create and
destroy widgets</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget XtCreateWidget(String
<i>name</i>, WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>, Widget
<i>parent</i>, ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget XtVaCreateWidget(String
<i>name</i>, WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>, Widget
<i>parent</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget
XtCreateManagedWidget(String <i>name</i>, WidgetClass
<i>widget_class</i>, Widget <i>parent</i>, ArgList
<i>args</i>, Cardinal <i>num_args</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget
XtVaCreateManagedWidget(String <i>name</i>, WidgetClass
<i>widget_class</i>, Widget <i>parent</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtDestroyWidget(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list to override the resource
defaults.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource name for the created widget,
which is used for retrieving resources and, for that reason,
should not be the same as any other widget that is a child
of same parent.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of arguments in the argument
list.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>parent</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the parent widget.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>widget_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget
class&nbsp;pointer for the created widget.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>...</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable argument list to override the
resource defaults.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCreateWidget</i> function performs much of the
boilerplate operations of widget creation:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Checks to see if the
class_initialize procedure has been called for this class
and for all superclasses and, if not, calls those necessary
in a superclass-to-subclass order.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Allocates memory for the widget instance.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the parent is a subclass of
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i>, it allocates memory for the
parent&rsquo;s constraints and stores the address of this
memory into the constraints field.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Initializes the core nonresource data fields (for
example, parent and visible).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Initializes the resource fields (for example,
background_pixel) by using the resource lists specified for
this class and all superclasses.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the parent is a subclass of
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i>, it initializes the resource
fields of the constraints record by using the constraint
resource list specified for the parent&rsquo;s class and all
superclasses up to <i>constraintWidgetClass</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls the initialize procedures for the widget by
starting at the <i>Core</i> initialize procedure on down to
the widget&rsquo;s initialize procedure.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the parent is a subclass of
<i>compositeWidgetClass</i>, it puts the widget into its
parent&rsquo;s children list by calling its parent&rsquo;s
insert_child procedure. For further information, see Section
3.5.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the parent is a subclass of
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i>, it calls the constraint
initialize procedures, starting at
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i> on down to the parent&rsquo;s
constraint initialize procedure.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that you
can determine the number of arguments in an argument list by
using the <i>XtNumber</i> macro. For further information,
see Section 11.1.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCreateManagedWidget</i> function is a convenience
routine that calls <i>XtCreateWidget</i> and
<i>XtManageChild</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtDestroyWidget</i> function provides the only method of
destroying a widget, including widgets that need to destroy
themselves. It can be called at any time, including from an
application callback routine of the widget being destroyed.
This requires a two-phase destroy process in order to avoid
dangling references to destroyed widgets.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In phase one,
<i>XtDestroyWidget</i> performs the following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">If the being_destroyed field of
the widget is <i>True</i>, it returns immediately.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Recursively descends the widget tree and sets the
being_destroyed field to <i>True</i> for the widget and all
children.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Adds the widget to a list of widgets (the destroy list)
that should be destroyed when it is safe to do so.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Entries on the
destroy list satisfy the invariant that if w2 occurs after
w1 on the destroy list then w2 is not a descendent of w1. (A
descendant refers to both normal and pop-up children.)</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Phase two
occurs when all procedures that should execute as a result
of the current event have been called (including all
procedures registered with the event and translation
managers), that is, when the current invocation of
<i>XtDispatchEvent</i> is about to return or immediately if
not in <i>XtDispatchEvent</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In phase two,
<i>XtDestroyWidget</i> performs the following on each entry
in the destroy list:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calls the destroy callback
procedures registered on the widget (and all descendants) in
post-order (it calls children callbacks before parent
callbacks).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the widget&rsquo;s parent is a subclass of
<i>compositeWidgetClass</i> and if the parent is not being
destroyed, it calls <i>XtUnmanageChild</i> on the widget and
then calls the widget&rsquo;s parent&rsquo;s delete_child
procedure (see Section 3.4).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the widget&rsquo;s parent is a subclass of
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i>, it calls the constraint
destroy procedure for the parent, then the parent&rsquo;s
superclass, until finally it calls the constraint destroy
procedure for <i>constraintWidgetClass</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls the destroy methods for the widget (and all
descendants) in post-order. For each such widget, it calls
the destroy procedure declared in the widget class, then the
destroy procedure declared in its superclass, until finally
it calls the destroy procedure declared in the Core class
record.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls <i>XDestroyWindow</i> if the widget is realized
(that is, has an X window). The server recursively destroys
all descendant windows.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Recursively descends the tree and deallocates all pop-up
widgets, constraint records, callback lists and, if the
widget is a subclass of <i>compositeWidgetClass</i>,
children.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppCreateShell.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppCreateShell</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtCreatePopupShell.3.xhtml"><em>XtCreatePopupShell</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
