<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:17 2012 -->
<title>XtCreatePopupShell</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtCreatePopupShell</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtCreatePopupShell,
XtVaCreatePopupShell &minus; create a popup shell</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget XtCreatePopupShell(String
<i>name</i>, WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>, Widget
<i>parent</i>, ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget
XtVaCreatePopupShell(String <i>name</i>, WidgetClass
<i>widget_class</i>, Widget <i>parent</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list to override the resource
defaults.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the text name for the created&nbsp;shell
widget.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of arguments in the argument
list.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>parent</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the parent widget.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>widget_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget
class&nbsp;pointer for the created shell widget.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>...</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable argument list to override the
resource defaults.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCreatePopupShell</i> function ensures that the
specified class is a subclass of <i>Shell</i> and, rather
than using insert_child to attach the widget to the
parent&rsquo;s children list, attaches the shell to the
parent&rsquo;s pop-ups list directly.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A spring-loaded
pop-up invoked from a translation table already must exist
at the time that the translation is invoked, so the
translation manager can find the shell by name. Pop-ups
invoked in other ways can be created
&lsquo;&lsquo;on-the-fly&rsquo;&rsquo; when the pop-up
actually is needed. This delayed creation of the shell is
particularly useful when you pop up an unspecified number of
pop-ups. You can look to see if an appropriate unused shell
(that is, not currently popped up) exists and create a new
shell if needed.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtCreateWidget.3.xhtml"><em>XtCreateWidget</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtPopdown.3.xhtml"><em>XtPopdown</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XtPopup.3.xhtml"><em>XtPopup</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
