<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:29:52 2012 -->
<title>XtDisplayInitialize</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtDisplayInitialize</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtDisplayInitialize,
XtOpenDisplay, XtDatabase, XtScreenDatabase, XtCloseDisplay
&minus; initialize, open, or close a display</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtDisplayInitialize(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>, Display
*<i>display</i>, String <i>application_name</i>, String
<i>application_class</i>, XrmOptionDescRec *<i>options</i>,
Cardinal <i>num_options</i>, int *<i>argc</i>, String
*<i>argv</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Display
*XtOpenDisplay(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>, String
<i>display_string</i>, String <i>application_name</i>,
String <i>application_class</i>, XrmOptionDescRec
*<i>options</i>, Cardinal <i>num_options</i>, int
*<i>argc</i>, String *<i>argv</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtCloseDisplay(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XrmDatabase XtDatabase(Display
*<i>display</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XrmDatabase
XtScreenDatabase(Screen* <i>screen</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>argc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the number of command line
parameters.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>argv</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the command line parameters.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>app_context</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the application
context.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>application_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the class name of
this application, which usually is the generic name for all
instances of this application.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>application_name</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the name of the
application instance.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the display. Note that a display can be in at
most one application context.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_options</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of entries
in the options list.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>options</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies how to parse the command line for any
application-specific resources. The options argument is
passed as a parameter to <i>XrmParseCommand</i>. For further
information, see <i>Xlib &minus; C Language X
Interface</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>screen</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the screen whose resource database is to be
returned.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtDisplayInitialize</i> function builds the resource
database, calls the Xlib <i>XrmParseCommand</i> function to
parse the command line, and performs other per display
initialization. After <i>XrmParseCommand</i> has been
called, argc and argv contain only those parameters that
were not in the standard option table or in the table
specified by the options argument. If the modified argc is
not zero, most applications simply print out the modified
argv along with a message listing the allowable options. On
UNIX-based systems, the application name is usually the
final component of argv[0]. If the synchronize resource is
<i>True</i> for the specified application,
<i>XtDisplayInitialize</i> calls the Xlib
<i>XSynchronize</i> function to put Xlib into synchronous
mode for this display connection. If the reverseVideo
resource is <i>True</i>, the Intrinsics exchange
<i>XtDefaultForeground</i> and <i>XtDefaultBackground</i>
for widgets created on this display. (See Section
9.6.1).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtOpenDisplay</i> function calls <i>XOpenDisplay</i> the
specified display name. If display_string is NULL,
<i>XtOpenDisplay</i> uses the current value of the
&minus;display option specified in argv and if no display is
specified in argv, uses the user&rsquo;s default display (on
UNIX-based systems, this is the value of the DISPLAY
environment variable).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If this
succeeds, it then calls <i>XtDisplayInitialize</i> and pass
it the opened display and the value of the &minus;name
option specified in argv as the application name. If no name
option is specified, it uses the application name passed to
<i>XtOpenDisplay</i>. If the application name is NULL, it
uses the last component of argv[0]. <i>XtOpenDisplay</i>
returns the newly opened display or NULL if it failed.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtOpenDisplay</i>
is provided as a convenience to the application
programmer.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCloseDisplay</i> function closes the specified display
as soon as it is safe to do so. If called from within an
event dispatch (for example, a callback procedure),
<i>XtCloseDisplay</i> does not close the display until the
dispatch is complete. Note that applications need only call
<i>XtCloseDisplay</i> if they are to continue executing
after closing the display; otherwise, they should call
<i>XtDestroyApplicationContext</i> or just exit.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtDatabase</i> function returns the fully merged resource
database that was built by <i>XtDisplayInitialize</i>
associated with the display that was passed in. If this
display has not been initialized by
<i>XtDisplayInitialize</i>, the results are not defined.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtScreenDatabase</i> function returns the fully merged
resource database associated with the specified screen. If
the <i>screen</i> does not belong to a <i>Display</i>
initialized by <i>XtDisplayInitialize</i>, the results are
undefined.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppCreateShell.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppCreateShell</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtCreateApplicationContext.3.xhtml"><em>XtCreateApplicationContext</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
