<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:40 2012 -->
<title>XtFindFile</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtFindFile</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtFindFile
&minus; search for a file using substitutions in the path
list</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">String XtFindFile(String
<i>path</i>, Substitution <i>substitutions</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_substitutions</i>, XtFilePredicate
<i>predicate</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>path</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a path of file names, including substitution
characters.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>substitutions</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a list of
substitutions to make into a path.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_substitutions</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
substitutions passed in.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>predicate</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a procedure to call to judge a potential file
name, or NULL.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The <i>path</i>
parameter specifies a string that consists of a series of
potential file names delimited by colons. Within each name,
the percent character specifies a string substitution
selected by the following character. The character sequence
&lsquo;&lsquo;%:&rsquo;&rsquo; specifies an embedded colon
that is not a delimiter; the sequence is replaced by a
single colon. The character sequence
&lsquo;&lsquo;%%&rsquo;&rsquo; specifies a percent character
that does not introduce a substitution; the sequence is
replaced by a single percent character. If a percent
character is followed by any other character,
<i>XtFindFile</i> looks through the specified
<i>substitutions</i> for that character in the <i>match</i>
field and if found replaces the percent and match characters
with the string in the corresponding <i>substitution</i>
field. A <i>substitution</i> field entry of NULL is
equivalent to a pointer to an empty string. If the operating
system does not interpret multiple embedded name separators
in the path (i.e., &lsquo;&lsquo;/&rsquo;&rsquo; in POSIX)
the same way as a single separator, <i>XtFindFile</i> will
collapse multiple separators into a single one after
performing all string substitutions. Except for collapsing
embedded separators, the contents of the string
substitutions are not interpreted by <i>XtFindFile</i> and
may therefore contain any operating-system-dependent
characters, including additional name separators. Each
resulting string is passed to the predicate procedure until
a string is found for which the procedure returns
<i>True</i>; this string is the return value for
<i>XtFindFile</i>. If no string yields a <i>True</i> return
from the predicate, <i>XtFindFile</i> returns NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
<i>predicate</i> parameter is NULL, an internal procedure
that checks if the file exists, is readable, and is not a
directory will be used.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">It is the
responsibility of the caller to free the returned string
using <i>XtFree</i> when it is no longer needed.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
