<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:45 2012 -->
<title>XtGetResourceList</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtGetResourceList</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtGetResourceList,
XtGetConstraintResourceList &minus; obtain resource list</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtGetResourceList(WidgetClass <i>class</i>, XtResourceList
*<i>resources_return</i>, Cardinal
*<i>num_resources_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtGetConstraintResourceList(WidgetClass <i>class</i>,
XtResourceList *<i>resources_return</i>, Cardinal
*<i>num_resources_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>num_resources_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer to where to
store the number of entries in the resource list.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>resources_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer to where to
store the returned resource list. The caller must free this
storage using <i>XtFree</i> when done with it.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>widget_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget class.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>XtGetResourceList</i> is called before the widget class
is initialized (that is, before the first widget of that
class has been created), <i>XtGetResourceList</i> returns
the resource list as specified in the widget class record.
If it is called after the widget class has been initialized,
<i>XtGetResourceList</i> returns a merged resource list that
contains the resources for all superclasses. The list
returned by <i>XtGetResourceList</i> should be freed using
<i>XtFree</i> when it is no longer needed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>XtGetConstraintResourceList</i> is called before the
widget class is initialized (that is, before the first
widget of that class has been created),
<i>XtGetConstraintResourceList</i> returns the resource list
as specified in the widget class Constraint part record. If
it is called after the widget class has been initialized,
<i>XtGetConstraintResourceList</i> returns a merged resource
list that contains the Constraint resources for all
superclasses. If the specified class is not a subclass of
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i>, <i>*resources_return</i> is
set to NULL and <i>*num_resources_return</i> is set to zero.
The list returned by <i>XtGetConstraintResourceList</i>
should be freed using <i>XtFree</i> when it is no longer
needed.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtGetSubresources.3.xhtml"><em>XtGetSubresources</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtOffset.3.xhtml"><em>XtOffset</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
