<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:28:08 2012 -->
<title>XtGetSelectionValue</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtGetSelectionValue</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtGetSelectionValue,
XtGetSelectionValues &minus; obtain selection values</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtGetSelectionValue(Widget
<i>w</i>, Atom <i>selection</i>, Atom <i>target</i>,
XtSelectionCallbackProc <i>callback</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>, Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtGetSelectionValues(Widget
<i>w</i>, Atom <i>selection</i>, Atom *<i>targets</i>, int
<i>count</i>, XtSelectionCallbackProc <i>callback</i>,
XtPointer <i>client_data</i>, Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>callback</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the callback procedure&nbsp;that is to be
called when the selection value has been obtained.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the argument that is
to be passed to the specified procedure when it is
called.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the client data (one
for each target type) that is passed to the callback
procedure when it is called for that target.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>count</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the length of the targets and client_data
lists.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>selection</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the particular selection desired (that is,
primary or secondary).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>target</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the type of the information that is needed
about the selection.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>targets</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the types of information that is needed about
the selection.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the timestamp that indicates when the
selection value is desired.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget that is making the request.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> function requests the value of
the selection that has been converted to the target type.
The specified callback will be called some time after
<i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> is called; in fact, it may be
called before or after <i>XtGetSelectionValue</i>
returns.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtGetSelectionValues</i> function is similar to
<i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> except that it takes a list of
target types and a list of client data and obtains the
current value of the selection converted to each of the
targets. The effect is as if each target were specified in a
separate call to <i>XtGetSelectionValue</i>. The callback is
called once with the corresponding client data for each
target. <i>XtGetSelectionValues</i> does guarantee that all
the conversions will use the same selection value because
the ownership of the selection cannot change in the middle
of the list, as would be when calling
<i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> repeatedly.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppGetSelectionTimeout.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppGetSelectionTimeout</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtOwnSelection.3.xhtml"><em>XtOwnSelection</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
