<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:40:14 2012 -->
<title>XtGetSelectionParameters</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtGetSelectionParameters</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtGetSelectionParameters
&minus; retrieve target parameters for a selection request
with a single target</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtGetSelectionParameters(Widget <i>owner</i>, Atom
<i>selection</i>, XtRequestId <i>request_id</i>, Atom
*<i>type_return</i>, XtPointer *<i>value_return</i>,
unsigned long *<i>length_return</i>, int
*<i>format_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>owner</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget that owns the specified
selection.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>selection</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the selection being processed.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>request_id</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the requestor id in
the case of incremental selections, or NULL in the case of
atomic transfers.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>type_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer to an atom
in which the property type of the parameters will be
stored.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>value_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer into which
a pointer to the parameters are to be stored. A NULL will be
stored if no parameters accompany the request.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>length_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer into which
the number of data elements in <i>value_return</i> of size
indicated by <i>format_return</i> will be stored.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>format_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer into which
the size in bits of the parameter data in the elements of
<i>value_return</i> will be stored.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtGetSelectionParameters</i>
may only be called from within an
<i>XtConvertSelectionProc</i> or from within the last call
to an <i>XtConvertSelectionIncrProc</i> with a new
request_id.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtSetSelectionParameters.3.xhtml"><em>XtSetSelectionParameters</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
