<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:40 2012 -->
<title>XtGetSubresources</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtGetSubresources</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtGetSubresources,
XtVaGetSubresources &minus; obtain subresources</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtGetSubresources(Widget
<i>w</i>, XtPointer <i>base</i>, String <i>name</i>, String
<i>class</i>, XtResourceList <i>resources</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_resources</i>, ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtVaGetSubresources(Widget
<i>w</i>, XtPointer <i>base</i>, String <i>name</i>, String
<i>class</i>, XtResourceList <i>resources</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_resources</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list to override resources
obtained from the resource database.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>base</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the base address of the subpart data structure
where the resources should be written.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>class</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the class of the subpart.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the name of the subpart.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of arguments in the argument
list.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_resources</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
resources in the resource list.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>resources</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the resource list for the subpart.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget that wants resources for a subpart
or that identifies the resource database to search.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>...</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable arguments to override resources
obtained from the resource database.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtGetSubresources</i> function constructs a name/class
list from the application name/class, the name/classes of
all its ancestors, and the widget itself. Then, it appends
to this list the name/class pair passed in. The resources
are fetched from the argument list, the resource database,
or the default values in the resource list. Then, they are
copied into the subpart record. If args is NULL, num_args
must be zero. However, if num_args is zero, the argument
list is not referenced.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtGetApplicationResources,
XtVaGetApplicationResources <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
