<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:38:27 2012 -->
<title>XtInsertEventTypeHandler</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtInsertEventTypeHandler</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtInsertEventTypeHandler,
XtRemoveEventTypeHandler, XtRegisterExtensionSelector,
XtSetEventDispatcher, XtDispatchEventToWidget &minus;
extension event handling</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtInsertEventTypeHandler(Widget <i>widget</i>, int
<i>event_type</i>, XtPointer <i>select_data</i>,
XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer <i>client_data</i>,
XtListPosition <i>position</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtRemoveEventTypeHandler(Widget <i>widget</i>, int
<i>event_type</i>, XtPointer <i>select_data</i>,
XtEventHandler <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtRegisterExtensionSelector(Display* <i>display</i>, int
<i>min_event_type</i>, int <i>max_event_type</i>,
XtExtensionSelectProc <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtEventDispatchProc
XtSetEventDispatcher(Widget <i>widget</i>, int
<i>event_type</i>, XtEventDispatchProc <i>proc</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean
XtDispatchEventToWidget(Widget <i>widget</i>, XEvent*
<i>event</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>widget</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget for this event handler. Must be of
class Core or any subclass thereof.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>event_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the event type.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>select_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies data used to select
or deselect events from the server.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="29%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>proc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the proc.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies additional data to be
passed to the event handler.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>position</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies when the event handler is to be called
relative to other previously registered handlers.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the display.</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>min_event_type,&nbsp;max_event_type</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the range of event
types for this extension.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>event</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the event to be dispatched.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtInsertEventTypeHandler</i> function registers a
procedure with the dispatch mechanism that is to be called
when an event that matches the specified <i>event_type</i>
is dispatched to the specified <i>widget</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>event_type</i> is one of the core X protocol events then
<i>select_data</i> must be a pointer to a value of type
<i>EventMask</i>, indicating the event mask to be used to
select for the desired event. This event mask will be
included in the value returned by <i>XtBuildEventMask</i>.
If the widget is realized <i>XtInsertEventTypeHandler</i>
calls <i>XSelectInput</i> if necessary. Specifying NULL for
<i>select_data</i> is equivalent to specifying a pointer to
an event mask containing 0. This is similar to the
<i>XtInsertRawEventHandler</i> function.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>event_type</i> specifies an extension event type then the
semantics of the data pointed to by <i>select_data</i> are
defined by the extension selector registered for the
specified event type.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In either case
the Intrinsics are not required to copy the data pointed to
by <i>select_data</i>, so the caller must ensure that it
remains valid as long as the event handler remains
registered with this value of <i>select_data</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>position</i> argument allows the client to control the
order of the invocation of event handlers registered for the
same event type. If the client does not care about the
order, it should normally specify <i>XtListTail</i>, which
registers this event handler after any previously registered
handlers for this event type.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtRemoveEventTypeHandler</i> function unregisters an even
handler registered with <i>XtInsertEventTypeHandler</i> for
the specified event type. The request is ignored if
<i>client_data</i> does not match the value given with the
handler was registered.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>event_type</i> specifies on of the core X protocol
events, <i>select_data</i> must be a pointer to a value of
type <i>EventMask</i>, indicating the mask to be used to
deselect for the appropriate event. If the widget is
realized, <i>XtRemoveEventTypeHandler</i> calls
<i>XSelectInput</i> if necessary. Specifying NULL for
<i>select_data</i> is equivalent to specifying a pointer to
an event mask containing 0. This is similar to the
<i>XtRemoveRawEventHandler</i> function.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>event_type</i> specifies an extension event type then the
semantics of the data pointed to by <i>select_data</i> are
defined by the extension selector registered for the
specified event type.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtRegisterExtensionSelector</i> function registers a
procedure to arrange for the delivery of extension events to
widgets.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>min_event_type</i> and <i>max_event_type</i> match the
parameters to a previous call to
<i>XtRegisterExtensionSelector</i> for the same display, the
<i>proc</i> and <i>client_data</i> replace the previously
registered values. If the range specified by
<i>min_event_type</i> and <i>max_event_type</i> overlaps the
range of the parameters to a previous call for the same
display in any other way, an error results.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtSetEventDispatcher</i> function registers the event
dispatcher procedure specified by <i>proc</i> for events
with the type <i>event_type</i>. The previously registered
dispatcher (or the default dispatcher if there was no
previously registered dispatcher) is returned. If
<i>proc</i> is NULL, the default procedure is restored for
the specified type.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">In the future,
when <i>XtDispatchEvent</i> is called with an event of
<i>event_type</i>, the specified <i>proc</i> (or the default
dispatcher) will be invoked to determine a widget ot which
to dispatch the event.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtDispatchEventToWidget</i> function scans the list of
registered event handlers for the specified widget and calls
each handler that has been registered for the specified
event type, subject to the <i>continue_to_dispatch</i> value
returned by each handler. The Intrinsics behave as if event
handlers were registered at the head of the list for
<i>Expose</i>, <i>NoExpose</i>, <i>GraphicsExpose</i>, and
<i>VisibilityNotify</i> events to invoke the widget&rsquo;s
expose procedure according to the exposure compression rules
and to update the widget&rsquo;s <i>visible</i> field if
<i>visible_interest</i> is <i>True</i>. These internal event
handlers never set <i>continue_to_dispatch</i> to
<i>False</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtDispatchEventToWidget</i>
returns <i>True</i> if any event handler was called and
<i>False</i> otherwise.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtGetKeyboardFocusWidget.3.xhtml"><em>XtGetKeyboardFocusWidget</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
