<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:14 2012 -->
<title>XtMakeGeometryRequest</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtMakeGeometryRequest</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtMakeGeometryRequest,
XtMakeResizeRequest &minus; make geometry manager
request</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtGeometryResult
XtMakeGeometryRequest(Widget <i>w</i>, XtWidgetGeometry
*<i>request</i>, XtWidgetGeometry *<i>reply_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtGeometryResult
XtMakeResizeRequest(Widget <i>w</i>, Dimension <i>width</i>,
<i>height</i>, Dimension *<i>width_return</i>, Dimension
*<i>height_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>reply_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the allowed widget size
or may be NULL if the requesting widget is not interested in
handling <i>XtGeometryAlmost</i>.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>request</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the desired widget geometry (size, position,
border width, and stacking order).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget that is making the request.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>width_return <br/>
height_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Return the allowed widget width
and height.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Depending on
the condition, <i>XtMakeGeometryRequest</i> performs the
following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the widget is unmanaged or the widget&rsquo;s parent
is not realized, it makes the changes and returns
<i>XtGeometryYes</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the parent is not a subclass of
<i>compositeWidgetClass</i> or the parent&rsquo;s
geometry_manager is NULL, it issues an error.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the widget&rsquo;s being_destroyed field is
<i>True</i>, it returns <i>XtGeometryNo</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the widget x, y, width, height and border_width
fields are all equal to the requested values, it returns
<i>XtGeometryYes</i>; otherwise, it calls the parent&rsquo;s
geometry_manager procedure with the given parameters.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the parent&rsquo;s geometry manager returns
<i>XtGeometryYes</i> and if <i>XtCWQueryOnly</i> is not set
in the request_mode and if the widget is realized,
<i>XtMakeGeometryRequest</i> calls the
<i>XConfigureWindow</i> Xlib function to reconfigure the
widget&rsquo;s window (set its size, location, and stacking
order as appropriate).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the geometry manager returns <i>XtGeometryDone</i>,
the change has been approved and actually has been done. In
this case, <i>XtMakeGeometryRequest</i> does no configuring
and returns <i>XtGeometryYes</i>.
<i>XtMakeGeometryRequest</i> never returns
<i>XtGeometryDone</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Otherwise,
<i>XtMakeGeometryRequest</i> returns the resulting value
from the parent&rsquo;s geometry manager.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Children of
primitive widgets are always unmanaged; thus,
<i>XtMakeGeometryRequest</i> always returns
<i>XtGeometryYes</i> when called by a child of a primitive
widget.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtMakeResizeRequest</i> function, a simple interface to
<i>XtMakeGeometryRequest</i>, creates a
<i>XtWidgetGeometry</i> structure and specifies that width
and height should change. The geometry manager is free to
modify any of the other window attributes (position or
stacking order) to satisfy the resize request. If the return
value is <i>XtGeometryAlmost</i>, width_return and
height_return contain a compromise width and height. If
these are acceptable, the widget should immediately make an
<i>XtMakeResizeRequest</i> and request that the compromise
width and height be applied. If the widget is not interested
in <i>XtGeometryAlmost</i> replies, it can pass NULL for
width_return and height_return.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtConfigureWidget.3.xhtml"><em>XtConfigureWidget</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtQueryGeometery.3.xhtml"><em>XtQueryGeometery</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
