<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:24:57 2012 -->
<title>XtManageChildren</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtManageChildren</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtManageChildren,
XtManageChild, XtUnmanageChildren, XtUnmanageChild,
XtChangeManagedSet, XtIsManaged &minus; manage and unmanage
children</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">typedef Widget
*WidgetList;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtManageChildren(WidgetList
<i>children</i>, Cardinal <i>num_children</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtManageChild(Widget
<i>child</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtUnmanageChildren(WidgetList <i>children</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_children</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtUnmanageChild(Widget
<i>child</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtChangeManagedSet(WidgetList <i>unmanage_children</i>,
Cardinal <i>num_unmanage_children</i>, XtDoChangeProc
<i>do_change_proc</i>, XtPointer <i>client_data</i>,
WidgetList <i>manage_children</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_manage_children</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsManaged(Widget
<i>widget</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="52%"></col>
<col width="22%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>child</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the child.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>children</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a list of child widgets.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_children</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
children.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>widget</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>manage_children</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the list of widget
children to add to the managed set.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_manage_children</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of entries
in the manage_children list.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>unmanage_children</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the list of widget
children to remove from the managed set.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_unmanage_children</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of entries
in the unmanage_children list.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>do_change_proc</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the post unmanage,
pre manage hook procedure to invoke.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the client data to be
passed to the hook procedure.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtManageChildren</i> function performs the following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Issues an error if the children do not all have the same
parent or if the parent is not a subclass of
<i>compositeWidgetClass</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Returns immediately if the common parent is being
destroyed; otherwise, for each unique child on the list,
<i>XtManageChildren</i> ignores the child if it already is
managed or is being destroyed and marks it if not.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the parent is realized and after all children have
been marked, it makes some of the newly managed children
viewable:</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:18%;">&minus;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="18%"></col>
<col width="2%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calls the change_managed routine
of the widgets&rsquo; parent.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls <i>XtRealizeWidget</i> on each previously
unmanaged child that is unrealized.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Maps each previously unmanaged child that has
map_when_managed <i>True</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Managing
children is independent of the ordering of children and
independent of creating and deleting children. The layout
routine of the parent should consider children whose managed
field is <i>True</i> and should ignore all other children.
Note that some composite widgets, especially fixed boxes,
call <i>XtManageChild</i> from their insert_child
procedure.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the parent
widget is realized, its change_managed procedure is called
to notify it that its set of managed children has changed.
The parent can reposition and resize any of its children. It
moves each child as needed by calling <i>XtMoveWidget</i>,
which first updates the x and y fields and then calls
<i>XMoveWindow</i> if the widget is realized.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtManageChild</i> function constructs a <i>WidgetList</i>
of length one and calls <i>XtManageChildren</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtUnmanageChildren</i> function performs the
following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Issues an error if the children
do not all have the same parent or if the parent is not a
subclass of <i>compositeWidgetClass</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Returns immediately if the common parent is being
destroyed; otherwise, for each unique child on the list,
<i>XtUnmanageChildren</i> performs the following:</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:18%;">&minus;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Ignores the child if it already
is unmanaged or is being destroyed and marks it if not.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the child is realized, it makes it nonvisible by
unmapping it.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:18%; margin-top: 1em">Calls the
change_managed routine of the widgets&rsquo; parent after
all children have been marked if the parent is realized.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtUnmanageChildren</i>
does not destroy the children widgets. Removing widgets from
a parent&rsquo;s managed set is often a temporary
banishment, and, some time later, you may manage the
children again.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtUnmanageChild</i> function constructs a widget list of
length one and calls <i>XtUnmanageChildren</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtChangeManagedSet</i> function performs the
following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Issues an error if the widgets
specified in the <i>manage_children</i> and the
<i>unmanage_children</i> lists to no all have the same
parent, or if that parent is not a subclass of
compositeWidgetClass.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Returns immediately if the common parent is being
destroyed.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If no <i>CompositeClassExtension</i> is defined, or a
<i>CompositeClassExtension</i> is defined but with an
<i>allows_change_managed_set</i> field with a value of
<i>False</i>, and <i>XtChangeManagedSet</i> was invoked with
a non-NULL <i>do_change_proc</i> procedure then
<i>XtChangeManagedSet</i> performs the following:</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:18%;">&minus;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calls <i>XtUnmanageChildren</i>
(<i>unmanage_children</i>,
<i>num_unmanage_children</i>).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls the <i>do_change_proc</i> specified.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls <i>XtManageChildren</i> (<i>manage_children</i>,
<i>num_manage_children</i>) and then returns
immediately.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:18%; margin-top: 1em">Otherwise, if a
<i>CompositeClassExtension</i> is defined with an
<i>allows_change_managed_set</i> field with a value of
<i>True</i>, or if no <i>CompositeClassExtension</i> is
defined, and <i>XtChangeManagedSet</i>was
<i>do_change_proc</i> procedure, then the following is
performed:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">For each child on the
<i>unmanage_children</i> list; if the child is already
unmanaged or is being destroyed it is ignored, otherwise it
is marked as being unmanaged and if it is realized it is
made nonvisible by being unmapped.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the <i>do_change_proc</i> procedure is non-NULL then
it is invoked as specified.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>For each child on the <i>manage_children</i> list; if
the child is already managed or it is being destroyed it is
ignored, otherwise it is marked as managed</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:18%; margin-top: 1em">If the parent
is realized and after all children have been marked, the
change_managed method of the parent is invoked and
subsequently some of the newly managed children are made
viewable by:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="18%"></col>
<col width="2%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calling <i>XtRealizeWidget</i>
on each of the previously unmanaged child that is
unrealized.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Mapping each previously unmanaged child that has
<i>map_when_managed True</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtIsManaged</i> function returns <i>True</i> if the
specified widget is of class RectObj or any subclass thereof
and is managed, or <i>False</i> otherwise.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtMapWidget.3.xhtml"><em>XtMapWidget</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtRealizeWidget.3.xhtml"><em>XtRealizeWidget</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
