<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:18 2012 -->
<title>XtMalloc</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtMalloc</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtMalloc,
XtCalloc, XtRealloc, XtFree, XtNew, XtNewString &minus;
memory management functions</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XtMalloc(Cardinal
<i>size</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XtCalloc(Cardinal
<i>num</i>, Cardinal <i>size</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">char *XtRealloc(char
*<i>ptr</i>, Cardinal <i>num</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtFree(char
*<i>ptr</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><i>type</i>
*XtNew(<i>type</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">String XtNewString(String
<i>string</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Cardinal XtAsprintf(String
*<i>new_string</i>, const char *<i>format</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of bytes or array elements.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>ptr</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the old storage or to the block
of storage that is to be freed.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>size</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the size of an array element (in bytes) or the
number of bytes desired.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>string</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a previously declared string.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a previously declared data type.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>new_string</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer to write a
newly allocated string to.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>format</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a formatting string as defined by
sprintf(3c)</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtMalloc</i> functions returns a pointer to a block of
storage of at least the specified size bytes. If there is
insufficient memory to allocate the new block,
<i>XtMalloc</i> calls <i>XtErrorMsg</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCalloc</i> function allocates space for the specified
number of array elements of the specified size and
initializes the space to zero. If there is insufficient
memory to allocate the new block, <i>XtCalloc</i> calls
<i>XtErrorMsg</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtRealloc</i> function changes the size of a block of
storage (possibly moving it). Then, it copies the old
contents (or as much as will fit) into the new block and
frees the old block. If there is insufficient memory to
allocate the new block, <i>XtRealloc</i> calls
<i>XtErrorMsg</i>. If ptr is NULL, <i>XtRealloc</i>
allocates the new storage without copying the old contents;
that is, it simply calls <i>XtMalloc</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtFree</i> function returns storage and allows it to be
reused. If ptr is NULL, <i>XtFree</i> returns
immediately.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtNew</i>
returns a pointer to the allocated storage. If there is
insufficient memory to allocate the new block, <i>XtNew</i>
calls <i>XtErrorMsg</i>. <i>XtNew</i> is a convenience macro
that calls <i>XtMalloc</i> with the following arguments
specified:</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">((type *)
XtMalloc((unsigned) sizeof(type))</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtNewString</i>
returns a pointer to the allocated storage. If there is
insufficient memory to allocate the new block,
<i>XtNewString</i> calls <i>XtErrorMsg</i>.
<i>XtNewString</i> is a convenience macro that calls
<i>XtMalloc</i> with the following arguments specified:</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">(strcpy(XtMalloc((unsigned)
strlen(str) + 1), str))</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAsprintf</i> function allocates space for a string
large enough to hold the string specified by the sprintf(3c)
format pattern when used with the remaining arguments, and
fills it with the formatted results. The address of the
allocated string is placed into the pointer passed as ret.
The length of the string (not including the terminating null
byte) is returned. If there is insufficient memory to
allocate the new block, <i>XtAsprintf</i> calls
<i>XtErrorMsg</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
