<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:30:57 2012 -->
<title>XtNameToWidget</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtNameToWidget</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtNameToWidget,
XtWindowToWidget &minus; translating strings to widgets or
widgets to windows</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="87%"></col>
<col width="2%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget XtNameToWidget(Widget
<i>reference</i>, String <i>names</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget XtWindowToWidget(Display
*<i>display</i>, Window <i>window</i>);</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the display&nbsp;on which the window is
defined.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>names</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the fully qualified name of the desired
widget.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>reference</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget from which the search is to
start.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>window</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specify the window for which you want the widget.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtNameToWidget</i> function looks for a widget whose name
is the first component in the specified names and that is a
pop-up child of reference (or a normal child if reference is
a subclass of <i>compositeWidgetClass</i>). It then uses
that widget as the new reference and repeats the search
after deleting the first component from the specified names.
If it cannot find the specified widget,
<i>XtNameToWidget</i> returns NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Note that the
names argument contains the name of a widget with respect to
the specified reference widget and can contain more than one
widget name (separated by periods) for widgets that are not
direct children of the specified reference widget.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If more than
one child of the reference widget matches the name,
<i>XtNameToWidget</i> can return any of the children. The
Intrinsics do not require that all children of a widget have
unique names. If the specified names contain more than one
component and if more than one child matches the first
component, <i>XtNameToWidget</i> can return NULL if the
single branch that it follows does not contain the named
widget. That is, <i>XtNameToWidget</i> does not back up and
follow other matching branches of the widget tree.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtWindowToWidget</i> function translates the specified
window and display pointer into the appropriate widget
instance.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
