<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:43:05 2012 -->
<title>XtOpenApplication</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtOpenApplication</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtOpenApplication,
XtVaOpenApplication &minus; initialize, open, or close a
display</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget
XtOpenApplication(XtAppContext *<i>app_context_return</i>,
String <i>application_class</i>, XrmOptionDescRec
*<i>options</i>, Cardinal <i>num_options</i>, int
*<i>argc_in_out</i>, String *<i>argv_in_out</i>, String
*<i>fallback_resources</i>, WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>,
ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal <i>num_args</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget
XtVaOpenApplication(XtAppContext *<i>app_context_return</i>,
String <i>application_class</i>, XrmOptionDescRec
*<i>options</i>, Cardinal <i>num_options</i>, int
*<i>argc_in_out</i>, String *<i>argv_in_out</i>, String
*<i>fallback_resources</i>, WidgetClass <i>widget_class</i>,
...);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>app_context_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the application
context.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>application_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the class name of
this application, which usually is the generic name for all
instances of this application.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>options</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies how to parse the command line for any
application-specific resources. The options argument is
passed as a parameter to <i>XrmParseCommand</i>. For further
information, see <i>Xlib &minus; C Language X
Interface</i>.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_options</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of entries
in the options list.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>argc_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies a pointer to the
number of command line parameters.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>argv_in_out</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the command line
parameters.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>fallback_resources</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies resource values to be
used if the application class resource file cannot be opened
or read, or NULL.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>widget_class</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget class of
the shell to be created.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="12%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list to override any other
resource specification for the created shell widget.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of entries in the argument
list.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>...</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable argument list to override any
other resource specification for the created shell
widget.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtOpenApplication</i> function calls
<i>XtToolkitInitialize</i> followed by
<i>XtCreateApplicationContext</i>, then calls
<i>XtOpenDisplay</i> with <i>display_string</i> NULL and
<i>application_name</i> NULL, and finally calls
<i>XtAppCreateShell</i> with <i>application_name</i> NULL,
the specified <i>widget_class</i>, and the specified
<i>args</i> and <i>num_args</i> and returns the created
shell. The modified <i>argc</i> and <i>argv</i> returned by
<i>XtDisplayInitialize</i> are returned in
<i>argc_in_out</i> and <i>argv_in_out</i>. If
<i>app_context_return</i> is not NULL, the created
application context is also returned. If the display
specified by the command line cannot be opened, an error
message is issued and <i>XtOpenApplication</i> terminates
the application. If <i>fallback_resources</i> is non-NULL,
<i>XtAppSetFallbackResources</i> is called with the value
prior to calling <i>XtOpenDisplay</i>.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAppInitialize
and XtVaAppInitialize have been superceded by
<i>XtOpenApplication</i> and <i>XtVaOpenApplication</i>
respectively.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppInitialize.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppInitialize</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtVaAppInitialize.3.xhtml"><em>XtVaAppInitialize</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
