<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:42:14 2012 -->
<title>XtOwnSelection</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtOwnSelection</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtOwnSelection,
XtOwnSelectionIncremental, XtDisownSelection &minus; set
selection owner</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtOwnSelection(Widget
<i>w</i>, Atom <i>selection</i>, Time <i>time</i>,
XtConvertSelectionProc <i>convert_proc</i>,
XtLoseSelectionProc <i>lose_selection</i>,
XtSelectionDoneProc <i>done_proc</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean
XtOwnSelectionIncremental(Widget <i>w</i>, Atom
<i>selection</i>, Time <i>time</i>,
XtConvertSelectionIncrProc <i>convert_callback</i>,
XtLoseSelectionIncrProc <i>lose_callback</i>,
XtSelectionDoneIncrProc <i>done_callback</i>,
XtCancelConvertSelectionProc <i>cancel_callback</i>,
XtPointer <i>client_data</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtDisownSelection(Widget
<i>w</i>, Atom <i>selection</i>, Time <i>time</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>convert_proc</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the procedure that is
to be called whenever someone requests the current value of
the selection.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>done_proc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the procedure that is called after the
requestor has received the selection or NULL if the owner is
not interested in being called back.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>lose_selection</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the procedure that is
to be called whenever the widget has lost selection
ownership or NULL if the owner is not interested in being
called back.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>selection</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies an atom that describes the type of the
selection (for example, <i>XA_PRIMARY</i>,
<i>XA_SECONDARY</i>, or <i>XA_CLIPBOARD</i>).</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>time</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the timestamp that indicates when the
selection ownership should commence or is to be
relinquished.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget that wishes to become the owner or
to relinquish ownership.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtOwnSelection</i> function informs the Intrinsics
selection mechanism that a widget believes it owns a
selection. It returns <i>True</i> if the widget has
successfully become the owner and <i>False</i> otherwise.
The widget may fail to become the owner if some other widget
has asserted ownership at a time later than this widget.
Note that widgets can lose selection ownership either
because someone else asserted later ownership of the
selection or because the widget voluntarily gave up
ownership of the selection. Also note that the
lose_selection procedure is not called if the widget fails
to obtain selection ownership in the first place.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtOwnSelectionIncremental</i> procedure informs the
Intrinsics incremental selection mechanism that the
specified widget wishes to own the selection. It returns
<i>True</i> if the specified widget successfully becomes the
selection owner or <i>False</i> otherwise. For more
information about <i>selection</i>, <i>target</i>, and
<i>time</i>, see Section 2.6 of the <i>Inter-Client
Communication Conventions Manual</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A widget that
becomes the selection owner using
<i>XtOwnSelectionIncremental</i> may use
<i>XtDisownSelection</i> to relinquish selection
ownership.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtDisownSelection</i> function informs the Intrinsics
selection mechanism that the specified widget is to lose
ownership of the selection. If the widget does not currently
own the selection either because it lost the selection or
because it never had the selection to begin with,
<i>XtDisownSelection</i> does nothing.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">After a widget
has called <i>XtDisownSelection</i>, its convert procedure
is not called even if a request arrives later with a
timestamp during the period that this widget owned the
selection. However, its done procedure will be called if a
conversion that started before the call to
<i>XtDisownSelection</i> finishes after the call to
<i>XtDisownSelection</i>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppGetSelectionTimeout.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppGetSelectionTimeout</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtGetSelectionValue.3.xhtml"><em>XtGetSelectionValue</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
