<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:48 2012 -->
<title>XtParseAcceleratorTable</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtParseAcceleratorTable</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtParseAcceleratorTable,
XtInstallAccelerators, XtInstallAllAccelerators &minus;
managing accelerator tables</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtAccelerators
XtParseAcceleratorTable(String <i>source</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtInstallAccelerators(Widget <i>destination</i>, Widget
<i>source</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtInstallAllAccelerators(Widget <i>destination</i>, Widget
<i>source</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>source</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the accelerator table to compile.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>destination</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget on which
the accelerators are to be installed.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>source</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget or the root widget of the widget
tree from which the accelerators are to come.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtParseAcceleratorTable</i> function compiles the
accelerator table into the opaque internal
representation.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtInstallAccelerators</i> function installs the
accelerators from source onto destination by augmenting the
destination translations with the source accelerators. If
the source display_accelerator method is non-NULL,
<i>XtInstallAccelerators</i> calls it with the source widget
and a string representation of the accelerator table, which
indicates that its accelerators have been installed and that
it should display them appropriately. The string
representation of the accelerator table is its canonical
translation table representation.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtInstallAllAccelerators</i> function recursively
descends the widget tree rooted at source and installs the
accelerators of each widget encountered onto destination. A
common use os to call <i>XtInstallAllAccelerators</i> and
pass the application main window as the source.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man1/XtParseTranslationTable.1.xhtml"><em>XtParseTranslationTable</em>(1)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
