<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:33:30 2012 -->
<title>XtParseTranslationTable</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtParseTranslationTable</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtParseTranslationTable,
XtAugmentTranslations, XtOverrideTranslations,
XtUninstallTranslations &minus; manage translation
tables</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">XtTranslations
XtParseTranslationTable(String <i>table</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtAugmentTranslations(Widget <i>w</i>, XtTranslations
<i>translations</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtOverrideTranslations(Widget <i>w</i>, XtTranslations
<i>translations</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtUninstallTranslations(Widget <i>w</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
<col width="8%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>table</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the translation table to compile.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>translations</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the compiled
translation table to merge in (must not be NULL).</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget into which the new translations are
to be merged or removed.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtParseTranslationTable</i> function compiles the
translation table into the opaque internal representation of
type <i>XtTranslations</i>. Note that if an empty
translation table is required for any purpose, one can be
obtained by calling <i>XtParseTranslationTable</i> and
passing an empty string.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtAugmentTranslations</i> function nondestructively
merges the new translations into the existing widget
translations. If the new translations contain an event or
event sequence that already exists in the widget&rsquo;s
translations, the new translation is ignored.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtOverrideTranslations</i> function destructively merges
the new translations into the existing widget translations.
If the new translations contain an event or event sequence
that already exists in the widget&rsquo;s translations, the
new translation is merged in and override the widget&rsquo;s
translation.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To replace a
widget&rsquo;s translations completely, use
<i>XtSetValues</i> on the XtNtranslations resource and
specify a compiled translation table as the value.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtUninstallTranslations</i> function causes the entire
translation table for widget to be removed.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtAppAddActions.3.xhtml"><em>XtAppAddActions</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtCreatePopupShell.3.xhtml"><em>XtCreatePopupShell</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XtParseAcceleratorTable.3.xhtml"><em>XtParseAcceleratorTable</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtPopup.3.xhtml"><em>XtPopup</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
