<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:32:31 2012 -->
<title>XtPopup</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtPopup</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtPopup,
XtPopupSpringLoaded, XtCallbackNone, XtCallbackNonexclusive,
XtCallbackExclusive &minus; map a pop-up</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtPopup(Widget
<i>popup_shell</i>, XtGrabKind <i>grab_kind</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtPopupSpringLoaded(Widget
<i>popup_shell</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtCallbackNone(Widget
<i>w</i>, XtPointer <i>client_data</i>, XtPointer
<i>call_data</i>):</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtCallbackNonexclusive(Widget <i>w</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>, XtPointer <i>call_data</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtCallbackExclusive(Widget
<i>w</i>, XtPointer <i>client_data</i>, XtPointer
<i>call_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void MenuPopup(String
<i>shell_name</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>call_data</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the callback data, which is not used by this
procedure.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the pop-up shell.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>grab_kind</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the way in which user events should be
constrained.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>popup_shell</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the widget shell.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtPopup</i> function performs the following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calls <i>XtCheckSubclass</i> to
ensure popup_shell is a subclass of <i>Shell</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Generates an error if the shell&rsquo;s popped_up field
is already <i>True</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls the callback procedures on the shell&rsquo;s
popup_callback list.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Sets the shell popped_up field to <i>True</i>, the shell
spring_loaded field to <i>False</i>, and the shell grab_kind
field from grab_kind.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the shell&rsquo;s create_popup_child field is
non-NULL, <i>XtPopup</i> calls it with popup_shell as the
parameter.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If grab_kind is either <i>XtGrabNonexclusive</i> or
<i>XtGrabExclusive</i>, it calls:</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAddGrab(popup_shell,
(grab_kind == XtGrabExclusive), False)</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="76%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calls <i>XtRealizeWidget</i>
with popup_shell specified.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls <i>XMapWindow</i> with popup_shell specified.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtPopupSpringLoaded</i> function performs exactly as
<i>XtPopup</i> except that it sets the shell
<i>spring_loaded</i> field to <i>True</i> and always calls
<i>XtAddGrab</i> with <i>exclusive True</i> and
<i>spring_loaded True</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtCallbackNone</i>, <i>XtCallbackNonexclusive</i>, and
<i>XtCallbackExclusive</i> functions call <i>XtPopup</i>
with the shell specified by the client data argument and
grab_kind set as the name specifies. <i>XtCallbackNone</i>,
<i>XtCallbackNonexclusive</i>, and
<i>XtCallbackExclusive</i> specify <i>XtGrabNone</i>,
<i>XtGrabNonexclusive</i>, and <i>XtGrabExclusive</i>,
respectively. Each function then sets the widget that
executed the callback list to be insensitive by using
<i>XtSetSensitive</i>. Using these functions in callbacks is
not required. In particular, an application must provide
customized code for callbacks that create pop-up shells
dynamically or that must do more than desensitizing the
button.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>MenuPopup</i>
is known to the translation manager, which must perform
special actions for spring-loaded pop-ups. Calls to
<i>MenuPopup</i> in a translation specification are mapped
into calls to a nonexported action procedure, and the
translation manager fills in parameters based on the event
specified on the left-hand side of a translation.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If
<i>MenuPopup</i> is invoked on <i>ButtonPress</i> (possibly
with modifiers), the translation manager pops up the shell
with grab_kind set to <i>XtGrabExclusive</i> and
spring_loaded set to <i>True</i>. If <i>MenuPopup</i> is
invoked on <i>EnterWindow</i> (possibly with modifiers), the
translation manager pops up the shell with grab_kind set to
<i>XtGrabNonexclusive</i> and spring_loaded set to
<i>False</i>. Otherwise, the translation manager generates
an error. When the widget is popped up, the following
actions occur:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calls <i>XtCheckSubclass</i> to
ensure popup_shell is a subclass of <i>Shell</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Generates an error if the shell&rsquo;s popped_up field
is already <i>True</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls the callback procedures on the shell&rsquo;s
popup_callback list.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Sets the shell popped_up field to <i>True</i> and the
shell grab_kind and spring_loaded fields appropriately.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the shell&rsquo;s create_popup_child field is
non-NULL, it is called with popup_shell as the
parameter.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls:</p></td></tr>
</table>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtAddGrab(popup_shell,
(grab_kind == XtGrabExclusive), spring_loaded)</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="76%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Calls <i>XtRealizeWidget</i>
with popup_shell specified.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls <i>XMapWindow</i> with popup_shell specified.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">(Note that
these actions are the same as those for <i>XtPopup</i>.)
<i>MenuPopup</i> tries to find the shell by searching the
widget tree starting at the parent of the widget in which it
is invoked. If it finds a shell with the specified name in
the pop-up children of that parent, it pops up the shell
with the appropriate parameters. Otherwise, it moves up the
parent chain as needed. If <i>MenuPopup</i> gets to the
application widget and cannot find a matching shell, it
generates an error.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtCreatePopupShell.3.xhtml"><em>XtCreatePopupShell</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XtPopdown.3.xhtml"><em>XtPopdown</em>(3)</a> <i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
