<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:36:48 2012 -->
<title>XtRealizeWidget</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtRealizeWidget</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtRealizeWidget,
XtIsRealized, XtUnrealizeWidget &minus; realize and
unrealize widgets</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="51%"></col>
<col width="38%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtRealizeWidget(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Boolean XtIsRealized(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtUnrealizeWidget(Widget
<i>w</i>);</p> </td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="14%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the widget
is already realized, <i>XtRealizeWidget</i> simply returns.
Otherwise, it performs the following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Binds all action names in the
widget&rsquo;s translation table to procedures (see Section
10.1.2).</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Makes a post-order traversal of the widget tree rooted
at the specified widget and calls the change_managed
procedure of each composite widget that has one or more
managed children.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Constructs an <i>XSetWindowAttributes</i> structure
filled in with information derived from the <i>Core</i>
widget fields and calls the realize procedure for the
widget, which adds any widget-specific attributes and
creates the X window.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>If the widget is not a subclass of
<i>compositeWidgetClass</i>, <i>XtRealizeWidget</i> returns;
otherwise, it continues and performs the following:</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:18%;">&minus;</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="18%"></col>
<col width="2%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Descends recursively to each of
the widget&rsquo;s managed children and calls the realize
procedures. Primitive widgets that instantiate children are
responsible for realizing those children themselves.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&minus;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Maps all of the managed children windows that have
mapped_when_managed <i>True</i>. (If a widget is managed but
mapped_when_managed is <i>False</i>, the widget is allocated
visual space but is not displayed. Some people seem to like
this to indicate certain states.)</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the widget
is a top-level shell widget (that is, it has no parent), and
mapped_when_managed is <i>True</i>, <i>XtRealizeWidget</i>
maps the widget window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtIsRealized</i> function returns <i>True</i> if the
widget has been realized, that is, if the widget has a
nonzero X window ID.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Some widget
procedures (for example, set_values) might wish to operate
differently after the widget has been realized.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtUnrealizeWidget</i> function destroys the windows of an
existing widget and all of its children (recursively down
the widget tree). To recreate the windows at a later time,
call <i>XtRealizeWidget</i> again. If the widget was
managed, it will be unmanaged automatically before its
window is freed.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtManageChildren.3.xhtml"><em>XtManageChildren</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
