<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:38:42 2012 -->
<title>XtSetLanguageProc</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtSetLanguageProc</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtSetLanguageProc
&minus; set the language procedure</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Widget
XtSetLanguageProc(XtAppContext <i>app_context</i>,
XtLanguageProc <i>proc</i>, XtPointer
<i>client_data</i>);</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>app_context</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the application
context in which the language procedure is to be used, or
NULL.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="9%" class="center"></col>
<col width="65%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>proc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the language procedure, or NULL.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>client_data</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies additional client
data to be passed to the language procedure when it is
called.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtSetLanguageProc</i>
sets the language procedure that will be called from
<i>XtDisplayInitialize</i> for all subsequent Displays
initialized in the specified application context. If
<i>app_context</i> is NULL, the specified language procedure
is registered in all application contexts created by the
calling process, including any future application contexts
that may be created. If <i>proc</i> is NULL a default
language procedure is registered. <i>XtSetLanguageProc</i>
returns the previously registered language procedure. If a
language procedure has not yet been registered, the return
value is unspecified but if this return value is used in a
subsequent call to <i>XtSetLanguageProc</i>, it will cause
the default language procedure to be registered.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The default
language procedure does the following:</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="82%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Sets the locale according to the environment. On ANSI
C-based systems this is done by calling <i>setlocale</i>(
<i>LC_ALL</i>, language ). If an error is encountered a
warning message is issued with <i>XtWarning</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls <i>XSupportsLocale</i> to verify that the current
locale is supported. If the locale is not supported, a
warning message is issued with <i>XtWarning</i> and the
locale is set to &lsquo;&lsquo;C&rsquo;&rsquo;.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Calls <i>XSetLocaleModifiers</i> specifying the empty
string.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>&bull;</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Returns the value of the current locale. On ANSI C-based
systems this is the return value from a final call to
<i>setlocale</i>( <i>LC_ALL</i>, NULL ).</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">A client
wishing to use this mechanism to establish locale can do so
by calling <i>XtSetLanguageProc</i> prior to
<i>XtDisplayInitialize.</i></p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
