<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:31:48 2012 -->
<title>XtSetValues</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtSetValues</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtSetValues,
XtVaSetValues, XtSetSubvalues, XtVaSetSubvalues,
XtGetValues, XtVaGetValues, XtGetSubvalues, XtVaGetSubvalues
&minus; obtain and set widget resources</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtSetValues(Widget
<i>w</i>, ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtVaSetValues(Widget
<i>w</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtSetSubvalues(XtPointer
<i>base</i>, XtResourceList <i>resources</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_resources</i>, ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtVaSetSubvalues(XtPointer
<i>base</i>, XtResourceList <i>resources</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_resources</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtGetValues(Widget
<i>w</i>, ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtVaGetValues(Widget
<i>w</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtGetSubvalues(XtPointer
<i>base</i>, XtResourceList <i>resources</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_resources</i>, ArgList <i>args</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_args</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtVaGetSubvalues(XtPointer
<i>base</i>, XtResourceList <i>resources</i>, Cardinal
<i>num_resources</i>, ...);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the argument list of name/address pairs that
contain the resource name and either the address into which
the resource value is to be stored or their new values.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>base</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the base address of the subpart data structure
where the resources should be retrieved or written.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>num_args</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of arguments in the argument
list.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>resources</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the nonwidget resource list or values.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_resources</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Specifies the number of
resources in the resource list.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%"></col>
<col width="11%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>w</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>...</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the variable argument list of name/address
pairs that contain the resource name and either the address
into which the resource value is to be stored or their new
values.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtSetValues</i> function starts with the resources
specified for the <i>Core</i> widget fields and proceeds
down the subclass chain to the widget. At each stage, it
writes the new value (if specified by one of the arguments)
or the existing value (if no new value is specified) to a
new widget data record. <i>XtSetValues</i> then calls the
set_values procedures for the widget in
superclass-to-subclass order. If the widget has any non-NULL
set_values_hook fields, these are called immediately after
the corresponding set_values procedure. This procedure
permits subclasses to set nonwidget data for
<i>XtSetValues</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
widget&rsquo;s parent is a subclass of
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i>, <i>XtSetValues</i> also
updates the widget&rsquo;s constraints. It starts with the
constraint resources specified for
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i> and proceeds down the subclass
chain to the parent&rsquo;s class. At each stage, it writes
the new value or the existing value to a new constraint
record. It then calls the constraint set_values procedures
from <i>constraintWidgetClass</i> down to the parent&rsquo;s
class. The constraint set_values procedures are called with
widget arguments, as for all set_values procedures, not just
the constraint record arguments, so that they can make
adjustments to the desired values based on full information
about the widget.</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>XtSetValues</i>
determines if a geometry request is needed by comparing the
current widget to the new widget. If any geometry changes
are required, it makes the request, and the geometry manager
returns <i>XtGeometryYes</i>, <i>XtGeometryAlmost</i>, or
<i>XtGeometryNo</i>. If <i>XtGeometryYes</i>,
<i>XtSetValues</i> calls the widget&rsquo;s resize
procedure. If <i>XtGeometryNo</i>, <i>XtSetValues</i> resets
the geometry fields to their original values. If
<i>XtGeometryAlmost</i>, <i>XtSetValues</i> calls the
set_values_almost procedure, which determines what should be
done and writes new values for the geometry fields into the
new widget. <i>XtSetValues</i> then repeats this process,
deciding once more whether the geometry manager should be
called.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Finally, if any
of the set_values procedures returned <i>True</i>,
<i>XtSetValues</i> causes the widget&rsquo;s expose
procedure to be invoked by calling the Xlib
<i>XClearArea</i> function on the widget&rsquo;s window.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtSetSubvalues</i> function stores resources into the
structure identified by base.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtGetValues</i> function starts with the resources
specified for the core widget fields and proceeds down the
subclass chain to the widget. The value field of a passed
argument list should contain the address into which to store
the corresponding resource value. It is the caller&rsquo;s
responsibility to allocate and deallocate this storage
according to the size of the resource representation type
used within the widget.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the
widget&rsquo;s parent is a subclass of
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i>, <i>XtGetValues</i> then
fetches the values for any constraint resources requested.
It starts with the constraint resources specified for
<i>constraintWidgetClass</i> and proceeds down to the
subclass chain to the parent&rsquo;s constraint resources.
If the argument list contains a resource name that is not
found in any of the resource lists searched, the value at
the corresponding address is not modified. Finally, if the
get_values_hook procedures are non-NULL, they are called in
superclass-to-subclass order after all the resource values
have been fetched by <i>XtGetValues</i>. This permits a
subclass to provide nonwidget resource data to
<i>XtGetValues</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtGetSubvalues</i> function obtains resource values from
the structure identified by base.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
