<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:37:38 2012 -->
<title>XtSetSelectionParameters</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtSetSelectionParameters</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtSetSelectionParameters
&minus; specify target parameters for a selection request
with a single target</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtSetSelectionParameters(Widget <i>requestor</i>, Atom
<i>selection</i>, Atom <i>type</i>, XtPointer <i>value</i>,
unsigned long <i>length</i>, int <i>format</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>requestor</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the widget making the request. Must be of
class Core or any subclass thereof.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>selection</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the atom that names the selection.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the type of the property in which the
parameters will be passed.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>value</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies a pointer to the parameters.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>length</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the number of elements containing data in
<i>value</i>, each element of a sized indicated by
<i>format</i>.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>format</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the size in bits of the data in the elements
of <i>value</i>.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The specified
parameters will be copied and stored in a new property of
the specified type and format on the requestor&rsquo;s
window. To initiate a selection request with a target and
these parameters, a subsequent call to
<i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> or to
<i>XtGetSelectionValueIncremental</i> specifying the same
requestor widget and selection atom will generate a
<i>ConvertSelection</i> request referring referring to the
property containing the parameters. If
<i>XtSetSelectionParameters</i> is called more than once
with the same widget and selection without a call to specify
a request, the most recently specified parameters are used
in the subsequent request.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The possible
values of <i>format</i> may be 8, 16, or 32. If the
<i>format</i> is 8, the elements of <i>value</i> are assumed
to be sizeof(char); if 16, sizeof(short); if 32,
sizeof(long).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">To generate a
MULTIPLE target request with parameters for any of the
multiple targets of the selection request, precede
individual calls to <i>XtGetSelectionValue</i> and
<i>XtGetSelectionValueIncremental</i> with corresponding
individual calls to <i>XtSetSelectionParameters</i>, and
enclose these all within <i>XtCreateSelectionRequest</i> and
<i>XtSendSelectionRequest</i>. <i>XtGetSelectionValues</i>
and <i>XtGetSelectionValuesIncremental</i> cannot be used to
make selection requests with parameterized targets.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XtGetSelectionParameters.3.xhtml"><em>XtGetSelectionParameters</em>(3)</a>
<i><br/>
X Toolkit Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
