<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:23:32 2012 -->
<title>XtSetKeyTranslator</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XtSetKeyTranslator</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNTAX</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XtSetKeyTranslator,
XtTranslateKeycode, XtRegisterCaseConverter, XtConvertCase
&minus; convert KeySym to KeyCodes</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNTAX
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="89%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtSetKeyTranslator(Display
*<i>display</i>, XtKeyProc <i>proc</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtTranslateKeycode(Display
*<i>display</i>, KeyCode <i>keycode</i>, Modifiers
<i>modifiers</i>, Modifiers *<i>modifiers_return</i>, KeySym
*<i>keysym_return</i>);</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void
XtRegisterCaseConverter(Display *<i>display</i>, XtCaseProc
<i>proc</i>, KeySym <i>start</i>, KeySym <i>stop</i>);</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">void XtConvertCase(Display
*<i>display</i>, KeySym <i>keysym</i>, KeySym
*<i>lower_return</i>, KeySym *<i>upper_return</i>);</p></td></tr>
</table>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="4%" class="center"></col>
<col width="54%"></col>
<col width="20%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">


<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>display</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the display.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>keycode</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the KeyCode to translate.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>keysym</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the KeySym to convert.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>keysym_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the resulting
KeySym.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>lower_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the lowercase
equivalent of the KeySym.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>upper_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns the uppercase
equivalent of the KeySym.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="60%"></col>
<col width="14%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>modifiers</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the modifiers to the KeyCode.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>modifiers_return</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:26%;">Returns a mask that indicates
the modifiers actually used to generate the KeySym.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="8%" class="center"></col>
<col width="74%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>proc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the procedure that is&nbsp;to perform key
translations or conversions.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>start</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the first KeySym for which this converter is
valid.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>stop</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the last KeySym for which this converter is
valid.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtSetKeyTranslator</i> function sets the specified
procedure as the current key translator. The default
translator is <i>XtTranslateKey</i>, an <i>XtKeyProc</i>
that uses Shift and Lock modifiers with the interpretations
defined by the core protocol. It is provided so that new
translators can call it to get default KeyCode-to-KeySym
translations and so that the default translator can be
reinstalled.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtTranslateKeycode</i> function passes the specified
arguments directly to the currently registered KeyCode to
KeySym translator.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtRegisterCaseConverter</i> registers the specified case
converter. The start and stop arguments provide the
inclusive range of KeySyms for which this converter is to be
called. The new converter overrides any previous converters
for KeySyms in that range. No interface exists to remove
converters; you need to register an identity converter. When
a new converter is registered, the Intrinsics refreshes the
keyboard state if necessary. The default converter
understands case conversion for all KeySyms defined in the
core protocol.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>XtConvertCase</i> function calls the appropriate
converter and returns the results. A user-supplied
<i>XtKeyProc</i> may need to use this function.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">SEE ALSO
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><i>X Toolkit
Intrinsics &minus; C Language Interface <br/>
<a href="../../libX11/libX11/libX11.html">Xlib &minus; C Language X Interface</a></i></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
