<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:03 2012 -->
<title>Xv</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>Xv</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">SUMMARY OF LIBRARY FUNCTIONS</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Xv &minus; X
Window System video extension</p>

<h2 id="heading2">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The X Video
Extension (Xv) extension provides support for video adaptors
attached to an X display. It takes the approach that a
display may have one or more video adaptors, each of which
has one or more ports through which independent video
streams pass.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">An adaptor may
be able to display video in a drawable, capture video from a
drawable, or both. It translates between video encoding
(NTSC, PAL, SECAM, etc...) and drawable format (depth and
visual-id pair). An adaptor may support multiple video
encodings and/or multiple drawable formats.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Clients use
<a href="../man3/Xv.3.xhtml"><em>Xv</em>(3)</a> to gain access and manage sharing of a
display&rsquo;s video resources. Typically, a client will
use <a href="../man3/XvQueryExtension.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryExtension</em>(3)</a> to determine the status of
the extension, <a href="../man3/XvQueryAdaptors.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryAdaptors</em>(3)</a> to get a
description of what video adaptors exist, and
<a href="../man3/XvQueryEncodings.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryEncodings</em>(3)</a> to get a description of what
video encodings an adaptor supports.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Once a client
has determined what video resources are available, it is
free to put video into a drawable or get video from a
drawable, according the capabilities supported. Clients can
select to receive events when video activity changes in a
drawable and when port attributes have changed.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The Xv protocol
version 2.2 and later is extended to support client images
in alternate colorspaces (XvImages). Xv adaptors which are
capable of displaying XvImages will have the XvImageMask
field set in the type field of the XvAdaptorInfo. XvImage
formats supported by the port may be queried with
<a href="../man3/XvListImageFormats.3.xhtml"><em>XvListImageFormats</em>(3)</a>. XvImages may be created with
the help of <a href="../man3/XvCreateImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvCreateImage</em>(3)</a> or
<a href="../man3/XvShmCreateImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvShmCreateImage</em>(3)</a>; XvImages may be displayed with
<a href="../man3/XvPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutImage</em>(3)</a> or <a href="../man3/XvShmPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvShmPutImage</em>(3)</a>. The Port
attributes of the port specified in the Xv(Shm)PutImage
command will be valid for the image operation when
applicable. There will be a port encoding with the name
&quot;XV_IMAGE&quot;. The width and height of that encoding
will indicate the maximum source image size.</p>

<h2 id="heading3">SUMMARY OF LIBRARY FUNCTIONS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The following
is a summary of Xv library functions and events:</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvCreateImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvCreateImage</em>(3)</a>
&minus; create an XvImage</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvGetPortAttribute.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetPortAttribute</em>(3)</a>
&minus; return current port attribute value</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvGetStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetStill</em>(3)</a>
&minus; capture a single frame of video from a drawable</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvGetVideo.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetVideo</em>(3)</a>
&minus; capture video from a drawable</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvGrabPort.3.xhtml"><em>XvGrabPort</em>(3)</a>
&minus; lock port for exclusive use by client</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvListImageFormats.3.xhtml"><em>XvListImageFormats</em>(3)</a>
&minus; return list of image formats for a port</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPortNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XvPortNotify</em>(3)</a>
&minus; event generated when port attributes change</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutImage</em>(3)</a>
&minus; write a XvImage to a drawable</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPutStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutStill</em>(3)</a>
&minus; write a single frame of video to a drawable</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPutVideo.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutVideo</em>(3)</a>
&minus; write video into a drawable</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvQueryAdaptors.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryAdaptors</em>(3)</a>
&minus; return adaptor information for a screen</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvQueryBestSize.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryBestSize</em>(3)</a>
&minus; determine the optimum drawable region size</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvQueryEncodings.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryEncodings</em>(3)</a>
&minus; return list of encodings for an adaptor</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvQueryExtension.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryExtension</em>(3)</a>
&minus; return version and revision of extension</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvQueryPortAttributes.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryPortAttributes</em>(3)</a>
&minus; return list of attributes of a port</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvSelectPortNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XvSelectPortNotify</em>(3)</a>
&minus; enable or disable XvPortNotify events</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvSelectVideoNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XvSelectVideoNotify</em>(3)</a>
&minus; enable or disable XvVideoNotify events</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvSetPortAttribute.3.xhtml"><em>XvSetPortAttribute</em>(3)</a>
&minus; set an attribute for a port</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvShmCreateImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvShmCreateImage</em>(3)</a>
&minus; create an XvImage in shared memory</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvShmPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvShmPutImage</em>(3)</a>
&minus; write a XvImage in shared memory to a drawable</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvStopVideo.3.xhtml"><em>XvStopVideo</em>(3)</a>
&minus; stop active video</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvUngrabPort.3.xhtml"><em>XvUngrabPort</em>(3)</a>
&minus; release a grabbed port</p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvVideoNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XvVideoNotify</em>(3)</a>
&minus; event generated for video processing</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Each of these
functions and events is described in its own Xv man
page.</p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
