<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:27:06 2012 -->
<title>XvGetStill</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XvGetStill</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XvGetStill
&minus; capture a single frame of video from a drawable</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xvlib.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>int
XvGetStill(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>, XvPortID</b>
<i>port</i><b>, Drawable</b> <i>d</i><b>, GC</b>
<i>gc</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>vx</i><b>, int</b> <i>vy</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>vw</i><b>, unsigned int</b> <i>vh</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>dx</i><b>, int</b> <i>dy</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>dw</i><b>, unsigned int</b> <i>dh</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Specifies the connection to the
X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>port</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Defines the port to which the still is output.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Defines the drawable from which the still is to be
captured. Pixmaps are currently not supported.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Defines the graphical context. GC components are:
<i>subwindow-mode</i>, <i>clip-x-origin</i>,
<i>clip-y-origin</i>, and <i>clip-mask</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>vx,vy,vw,vh</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Define the location and size of the destination video
region into which the still is to be written. <i>vx</i> and
<i>vy</i> define the <i>x</i>and <i>y</i> coordinates of the
upper-left corner of the video region; <i>vw</i>and
<i>vh</i> define the width and height, in pixels, of the
video region.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dx,dy,dw,dh</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Define the location and size of the source drawable from
which the still image is to be captured. <i>dx</i>and
<i>dy</i> define the <i>x</i>and <i>y</i> coordinates of the
upper-left corner of the drawable region; <i>dw</i>and
<i>dh</i> define the width and height, in pixels, of the
drawable region.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">captures a
single frame of video from a drawable. The position and size
of the destination (video) rectangle is specified by
<i>vx</i>, <i>vy</i>, <i>vw</i>, and <i>vh</i>. The position
and size of the source (drawable) rectangle is specified by
<i>dx</i>, <i>dy</i>, <i>dw</i>, and <i>dh</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Drawable data
is clipped to the bounds of the drawable, scaled to the
requested video region size (or the closest size supported)
and clipped to the bounds of the video encoding. The
contents of any region not updated with drawable data is
undefined.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the port is
grabbed by another client, this request is ignored, and an
XvVideoNotify event with detail XvBusy is generated for the
drawable.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[Success]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if
<a href="../man3/XvGetStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetStill</em>(3)</a> completed successfully.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[XvBadExtension]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if the Xv extension is
unavailable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[XvBadAlloc]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if
<a href="../man3/XvGetStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetStill</em>(3)</a> failed to allocate memory to process
the request.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[XvBadPort]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the requested port
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[BadDrawable]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the requested
drawable does not exist.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>[BadGC]</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Generated if the requested graphics context does not
exist.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[BadAlloc]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if there were
insufficient resources to process the request.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPutStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutStill</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XvGetVideo.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetVideo</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XvPutVideo.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutVideo</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XvVideoNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XvVideoNotify</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
