<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:38:40 2012 -->
<title>XvListImageFormats</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XvListImageFormats</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">Name</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">Syntax</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">Arguments</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">Description</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">Returned Values</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">Notes</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">Diagnostics</a><br/>
<a href="#heading8">See Also</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">Name
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XvListImageFormats
&minus; return list of image formats supported by a video
port</p>

<h2 id="heading2">Syntax
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xvlib.h&gt;</b></p>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>XvImageFormatValues
* XvListImageFormats (Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>, <br/>
XvPortID</b> <i>port</i><b>, int
*</b><i>p_num_formats</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">Arguments
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Specifies the connection to the
X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>port</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the port whose adaptor is to be queried for
its list of attributes.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>p_num_formats</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">A pointer to where the number
of formats returned in the array is written.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">Description
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvListImageFormats.3.xhtml"><em>XvListImageFormats</em>(3)</a>
returns the XvImageFormatValues supported by the specified
port. This list should be freed with <a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">Returned Values
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XvImageFormatValues
has the following structure:</p>
<pre style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">    typedef struct {
      int id;                      /* Unique descriptor for the format */
      int type;                    /* XvRGB, XvYUV */
      int byte_order;              /* LSBFirst, MSBFirst */
      char guid[16];               /* Globally Unique IDentifier */
      int bits_per_pixel;
      int format;                  /* XvPacked, XvPlanar */
      int num_planes;

      /* for RGB formats */
      int depth;
      unsigned int red_mask;
      unsigned int green_mask;
      unsigned int blue_mask;


      /* for YUV formats */
      unsigned int y_sample_bits;
      unsigned int u_sample_bits;
      unsigned int v_sample_bits;
      unsigned int horz_y_period;
      unsigned int horz_u_period;
      unsigned int horz_v_period;
      unsigned int vert_y_period;
      unsigned int vert_u_period;
      unsigned int vert_v_period;
      char component_order[32];    /* eg. UYVY */
      int scanline_order;          /* XvTopToBottom, XvBottomToTop */
    } XvImageFormatValues;</pre>



<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>id</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A unique descriptor for the format. This is often the
FOURCC for the format, when applicable. This id is used to
describe the format during XvImage creation.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>type</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XvRGB or XvYUV.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>byte_order</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">The byte order of the image. It
is either LSBFirst or MSBFirst.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>guid</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The Globally Unique IDentifier (also known as
Universally Unique IDentifier). When not applicable, all
characters are NULL.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>bits_per_pixel</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">The bits taken up (but not
necessarily used) by each pixel. Note that for some planar
formats which have fractional bits per pixel (such as IF09)
this number may be rounded _down_.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="32%"></col>
<col width="45%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>format</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>XvPacked or XvPlanar.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>num_planes</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">The number of planes in planar
formats.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="7%"></col>
<col width="5%" class="center"></col>
<col width="42%"></col>
<col width="35%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>depth</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Significant bits per pixel.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>red_mask, green_mask,
blue_mask</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">The red, green and blue
bitmasks (RGB formats only).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>?_sample_bits</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">The size of each sample in bits
(YUV formats only).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>horz_?_period,
vert_?_period</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">The period (in pixels) on which
samples occur in the horizontal and vertical directions (YUV
formats only).</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>component_order</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Upper case ascii characters
representing the order that samples are stored within packed
formats. For planar formats this represents the ordering of
the planes.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>scanline_order</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">XvTopToBottom or
XvBottomToTop.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">Notes
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Since some
formats (particularly some planar YUV formats) may not be
completely defined by the parameters above, the guid, when
available, should provide the most accurate description of
the format.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">Diagnostics
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[XvBadPort]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the requested port
does not exist.</p>

<h2 id="heading8">See Also
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvCreateImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvCreateImage</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XvCreateShmImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvCreateShmImage</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
