<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:37:59 2012 -->
<title>XvPutStill</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XvPutStill</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XvPutStill
&minus; write a single frame of video to a drawable</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xvlib.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>int
XvPutStill(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>, XvPortID</b>
<i>port</i><b>, Drawable</b> <i>d</i><b>, GC</b>
<i>gc</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>vx</i><b>, int</b> <i>vy</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>vw</i><b>, unsigned int</b> <i>vh</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>dx</i><b>, int</b> <i>dy</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>dw</i><b>, unsigned int</b> <i>dh</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="17%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="66%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Specifies the connection to the
X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>port</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Defines the port from which to get the still.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Defines the drawable into which the still is to be
written. Pixmaps are currently not supported.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Defines the graphical context. GC components are:
<i>subwindow-mode</i>, <i>clip-x-origin</i>,
<i>clip-y-origin</i>, and <i>clip-mask</i>.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>vx,vy,vw,vh</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Define the location and size of the video region to be
written. <i>vx</i> and <i>vy</i> define the upper-left pixel
of the region. <i>vw</i> and <i>vh</i> define the width and
height, in pixels, of the region.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dx,dy,dw,dh</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Define the location and size of the destination region
into which the still image is written. <i>dx</i> and
<i>dy</i> define the upper-left corner of the region.
<i>dw</i> and <i>dh</i> define the width and height, in
pixels, of the region.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPutStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutStill</em>(3)</a>
writes a single frame of video to a drawable. The position
and size of the source (video) rectangle is specified by
<i>vx</i>, <i>vy</i>, <i>vw</i>, and <i>vh</i>. The position
and size of the destination (drawable) rectangle is
specified by <i>dx</i>, <i>dy</i>, <i>dw</i>, and
<i>dh</i>.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">Video data is
clipped to the bounds of the video encoding, scaled to the
requested drawable region size (or the closest size
supported) and clipped to the bounds of the drawable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">If the port is
grabbed by another client, this request is ignored, and an
XvVideoNotify event with detail XvBusy is generated for the
drawable. If the port is not receiving a valid video signal
a VideoNotify event with detail XvHardError is generated for
the drawable.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[Success]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if
<a href="../man3/XvPutStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutStill</em>(3)</a> completed successfully.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[XvBadExtension]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if the Xv extension is
unavailable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[XvBadAlloc]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if
<a href="../man3/XvGetStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetStill</em>(3)</a> failed to allocate memory to process
the request.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[XvBadPort]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the requested port
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[BadDrawable]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the requested
drawable does not exist.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="11%"></col>
<col width="1%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p>[BadGC]</p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Generated if the requested graphics context does not
exist.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[BadAlloc]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if there were
insufficient resources to process the request.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPutVideo.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutVideo</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XvGetStill.3.xhtml"><em>XvGetStill</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XvVideoNotify.3.xhtml"><em>XvVideoNotify</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
