<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:34:29 2012 -->
<title>XvPutImage</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XvPutImage</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XvPutImage,
XvShmPutImage &minus; display an XvImage</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xvlib.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>int
XvPutImage (Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>, XvPortID</b>
<i>port</i><b>, <br/>
Drawable</b> <i>d</i><b>, GC</b> <i>gc</i><b>, XvImage
*</b><i>image</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>src_x</i><b>, int</b> <i>src_y</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int</b> <i>src_w</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>src_h</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>dest_x</i><b>, int</b> <i>dest_y</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int</b> <i>dest_w</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>dest_h</i><b>);</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>int
XvShmPutImage (Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>, XvPortID</b>
<i>port</i><b>, <br/>
Drawable</b> <i>d</i><b>, GC</b> <i>gc</i><b>, XvImage
*</b><i>image</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>src_x</i><b>, int</b> <i>src_y</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int</b> <i>src_w</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>src_h</i><b>, <br/>
int</b> <i>dest_x</i><b>, int</b> <i>dest_y</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int</b> <i>dest_w</i><b>, unsigned int</b>
<i>dest_h</i><b>, <br/>
Bool</b> <i>send_event</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="9%"></col>
<col width="3%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Specifies the connection to the
X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>port</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The port id of a port on an XvImage capable adaptor.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>d</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>gc</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>the graphics context specifying the clip mask to use, if
any.</p> </td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>image</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A pointer to the XvImage to be displayed.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>src_?</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The portion of the XvImage to be displayed.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>dest_?</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The portion of the destination drawable to be filled by
the image.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>send_event</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Indicates whether or not an
XShmCompletionEvent should be sent. If sent, the
event&rsquo;s major_code and minor_code fields will indicate
the Xv extension&rsquo;s major code and
XvShmPutImage&rsquo;s minor code.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvPutImage</em>(3)</a>
is similar to <a href="../man3/XPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XPutImage</em>(3)</a>. <a href="../man3/XvShmPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvShmPutImage</em>(3)</a>
is similar to <a href="../man3/XShmPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XShmPutImage</em>(3)</a>. The library will
allocate the XvImage structure and fill out all fields
except for <i>data</i>. <i>Width</i> and <i>height</i> may
be enlarged in some YUV formats. The size of the data buffer
that needs to be allocated will be given in the
<i>data_size</i> field in the XvImage. Image data is not
allocated by this function. The client may pass a pointer to
the preallocated memory as <i>data</i> or may allocate the
memory and fill in the XvImage structure&rsquo;s data field
after the <i>data_size</i> field has been filled out by the
server. The XvImage structure may be freed by
<a href="../man3/XFree.3.xhtml"><em>XFree</em>(3)</a>.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[XvBadPort]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the requested port
does not exist.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[XvBadAlloc]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the X server was
unable to allocate resources required to complete the
operation.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[BadMatch]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if incompatible
arguments were supplied, such as a port that isn&rsquo;t
capable of displaying XvImages.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[BadShmSegCode]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if an invalid shared
memory segment is specified.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvListImageFormats.3.xhtml"><em>XvListImageFormats</em>(3)</a>,
<a href="../man3/XvCreateImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvCreateImage</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XvShmCreateImage.3.xhtml"><em>XvShmCreateImage</em>(3)</a>
<a href="../man3/XPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XPutImage</em>(3)</a>, <a href="../man3/XShmPutImage.3.xhtml"><em>XShmPutImage</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
