<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"
 [<!ENTITY mathml "http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link href="http://www.x.org/" rel="home" />
<link href="index.xhtml" rel="up" />
<link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="../../../favicon.ico" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../xorg.css" />
<meta name="generator" content="groff -Txhtml, see www.gnu.org"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta name="Content-Style" content="text/css"/>
<style type="text/css">
       .center { text-align: center }
       .right  { text-align: right }
       p       { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       pre     { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       table   { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; vertical-align: top }
       h1      { text-align: center }
</style>
<!-- Creator     : groff version 1.20.1 -->
<!-- CreationDate: Sun Apr 15 13:35:16 2012 -->
<title>XvQueryEncodings</title>

</head>
<body>

<h1>XvQueryEncodings</h1>

<p><a href="#heading1">NAME</a><br/>
<a href="#heading2">SYNOPSIS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading3">ARGUMENTS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading4">DESCRIPTION</a><br/>
<a href="#heading5">RETURN VALUES</a><br/>
<a href="#heading6">DIAGNOSTICS</a><br/>
<a href="#heading7">SEE ALSO</a><br/>

</p>
<hr/>


<h2 id="heading1">NAME
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">XvQueryEncodings
&minus; return list of encodings for an adaptor</p>

<h2 id="heading2">SYNOPSIS
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>#include
&lt;X11/extensions/Xvlib.h&gt;</b></p>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><b>int
XvQueryEncodings(Display *</b><i>dpy</i><b>, XvPortID</b>
<i>port</i><b>, <br/>
unsigned int *</b><i>p_num_encodings</i><b>, <br/>
XvEncodingInfo **</b><i>pp_encoding_info</i><b>);</b></p>

<h2 id="heading3">ARGUMENTS
</h2>


<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em"><b><i>dpy</i></b></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p style="margin-top: 1em">Specifies the connection to the
X server.</p></td></tr>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>port</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>Specifies the port whose adaptor is to be queried for
its list of encodings.</p></td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>p_num_encodings</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">A pointer to where the number
of encodings supported by the adaptor is written.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>pp_encoding_info</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">A pointer to where the list of
returned encoding information is returned. XvEncodingInfo
has the following structure:</p>

<pre style="margin-left:23%; margin-top: 1em">    typedef struct {
      XvEncodingID encoding_id;
      char *name;
      unsigned long width;
      unsigned long height;
      XvRational rate;
      unsigned long num_encodings;
    } XvEncodingInfo;</pre>


<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>encoding_id</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Specifies the encoding-id of
the encoding. The encoding-id is used to identify an
encoding when a port&rsquo;s encoding attribute is
changed.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="77%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>name</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>A pointer to a formatted string that identifies the
encoding. The string has the format
&quot;<i>timing</i>-<i>signaltype</i>&quot;. For example
&quot;ntsc-composite&quot;.</p> </td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%;"><i>width,height</i></p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">The width and height, in
pixels, of the decoded video image.</p>

<table width="100%" border="0" rules="none" frame="void"
       cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup><col width="11%"></col>
<col width="6%"></col>
<col width="6%" class="center"></col>
<col width="55%"></col>
<col width="22%"></col>
</colgroup>
<tr valign="top" align="left">
<td></td>
<td>


<p><i>rate</i></p></td>
<td></td>
<td>


<p>The field rate of the decoded video.</p></td>
<td>
</td></tr>
</table>

<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The XvRational
structure is used to specify a fractional number. It has the
following structure:</p>

<pre style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">    typedef struct {
      int numerator;
      int denominator;
    } XvRational;</pre>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">The
<i>numerator</i> and <i>denominator</i> fields specify the
appropriate parts of a fractional number.</p>

<h2 id="heading4">DESCRIPTION
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvQueryEncodings.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryEncodings</em>(3)</a>
returns encoding information about an adaptor. Each encoding
is described by the XvEncodingInfo structure described
above. The encodings are identified by an encoding-id, which
can be used to set or get the encoding attribute of a
port.</p>

<h2 id="heading5">RETURN VALUES
</h2>


<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[Success]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if
<a href="../man3/XvQueryEncodings.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryEncodings</em>(3)</a> completed successfully.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[XvBadExtension]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if the Xv extension is
unavailable.</p>

<p style="margin-left:11%;">[XvBadAlloc]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Returned if
<a href="../man3/XvQueryEncodings.3.xhtml"><em>XvQueryEncodings</em>(3)</a> failed to allocate memory to
process the request.</p>

<h2 id="heading6">DIAGNOSTICS
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em">[XvBadPort]</p>

<p style="margin-left:23%;">Generated if the requested port
does not exist.</p>

<h2 id="heading7">SEE ALSO
</h2>



<p style="margin-left:11%; margin-top: 1em"><a href="../man3/XvFreeEncodingInfo.3.xhtml"><em>XvFreeEncodingInfo</em>(3)</a></p>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>
